Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in order to express my disappointment with your musical show " Over the Rainbow " .
I saw the show 's advertisement hanging up on a wall in London where I was spending my holiday with some friends . I convinced them to go there with me because I had heard good reviews of your Company and , above all , because of the main star , Danny Brook .
The problems started at the box office , where we asked for the discounts you announced in the advertisement , and the man who was selling the tickets said that they did n't exist .
Moreover , the show was delayed forty - five minutes and the worst of all was that Danny Brook had been replaced by another actor .
In addition , the theatre restaurant was closed for unknown reasons .
You promised a perfect evening but it became a big disaster !
I would like some kind of explanation and to get my money back .
If you do n't agree , I will act .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Last Wednesday Carole received a letter .
The stamp was from a foreign country and the address was written in Capital Letters .
She did n't recognize the writing .
She began to read , " Dear Carolin .. "
There was only one person who used to call her by this name .
It brought a lot of memories back to her .
It was long time ago , when she was fourteen and Paul sixteen .
He was her first love and also the first who kissed her .
Paul had to move to Mexico because of his father 's work .
When they were saying goodbye Paul said , " I will be the last person who will kiss you " . " It sounds nice but I do n't believe it , " she replied .
" You only have to wait , " he said .
But she did n't wait .
She got married and had two children .
At the time Carole was living with her husband but they did n't love each other any more .
Their love had finished .
In his letter Paul said that he had become a rich man and he would come back to meet her again .
Her friend Pat had explained the whole story to her husband .
What would she do ?
10 June 2000
Dear Manager ,
I would like to complain about your theatre and the musical show that I saw last week .
I went to London for a holiday last week and read the advertisement about ' Over the rainbow ' in the hotel which I stayed in .
I saw Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were written on the advertisement paper and was very excited .
However , Danny Brook did not appear on the stage until the end of musical showing time .
I was really disappointed about it .
Secondly , the starting time was 19:30 but it started 20:15 so I was waiting for 45 minutes .
It was such a long time to wait in the theatre .
Thirdly , it mentioned about discounts .
Despite the fact that I am a student , I could not get any discounts .
I also visited your restaurant after the show but it was already closed because the show finished late .
For the reasons above , I , indeed , spent an awful last night in London .
I would like you to refund , otherwise , I will take action .
I look forward to receiving a reply to my enquiry .
Sincerely
Fashion of the future
People will wear this kind of clothes 100 years from now .
If the weather is hot then we do n't have to wear underwear because very thin and light clothes will support our bodies .
There will be two functions for summer clothes that we do n't need to wear clothes like layer and layer .
For example , T - shirts for women will include a bra : easy to take it out when you wash it , and it is very simple and comfortable .
What about short pants ?
You do n't have to wear knickers .
We can just put some thin pads in there .
We ca n't feel it and easy to remove and just wash it .
Simplest is the best in summer !
When it 's very cold in winter , we just wear light clothes what we want , in our style .
Because special warm and healthy material will be developed and used inside thin clothes so we do n't need to put heavy clothes on our bodies .
We can show our figure in winter as well .
Most important thing is that we do n't have to kill animals just for people 's cruel aims .
Functions ' clothes are the way to love animals !
DECEMBER 12TH
PRINCIPAL MR .
ROBERTSON
DEAR SIR ,
I WANT TO THANK YOU FOR PREPARING SUCH A GOOD PROGRAMME FOR US AND ESPECIALLY FOR TAKING US ON THE RIVER TRIP TO GREENWICH .
I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW IF THERE IS ANY CHANCE OF CHANGING THE PROGRAMME BECAUSE WE HAVE FOUND A VERY INTERESTING ACTIVITY TO DO ON TUESDAY 14 MARCH . IT INVOLVES VISITING THE LONDON FASHION AND LEISURE SHOW AT THE CENTRAL EXHIBITION HALL .
I THINK IT 'S A GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE GREATER USE OF OUR KNOWLEDGE OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE .
ALSO , WE COULD LEARN THE DIFFERENT WAYS TO GET TO THE CENTRAL EXHIBITION HALL .
I SUGGEST THAT WE SHOULD GO TO THE NATIONAL ART GALLERY IN THE MORNING AND INSTEAD OF HAVING THE AFTERNOON FREE WE COULD GO TO THE FASHION AND LEISURE SHOW .
I WILL BE WAITING ANXIOUSLY FOR YOUR RESPONSE .
YOURS FAITHFULLY
( FAMOUS PEOPLE , SUCH AS POLITICIANS AND FILM STARS , DESERVE TO HAVE A PRIVATE LIFE WITHOUT JOURNALISTS FOLLOWING THEM ALL THE TIME )
FAMOUS PEOPLE SUCH AS SINGERS , FILM STARS , ETC , ARE ALWAYS THE CENTRE OF ATTENTION .
AS SOME OF THEM ARE CONSIDERED IDOLS , THEIR FANS WANT TO KNOW HOW THEY BEHAVE IN THEIR PRIVATE LIVES , WITH THEIR FAMILY OR FRIENDS .
AS A RESPONSE TO THIS DEMAND FOR INFORMATION , JOURNALISTS FOLLOW FAMOUS PEOPLE DAY AND NIGHT IN MANY DIFFERENT WAYS , FOR EXAMPLE , CHASING THEIR CARS , TAKING PHOTOGRAPHS OR BREAKING INTO THEIR HOUSES WHILE THEY ARE ON HOLIDAY .
THIS SITUATION AFFECTS FAMOUS PEOPLE BECAUSE THEY ARE NOT ALLOWED TO HAVE ANY PRIVACY .
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IS THAT , ALTHOUGH THEY ARE FAMOUS , THEY ARE JUST NORMAL PEOPLE THAT DESERVE TO HAVE A PRIVATE LIFE WITHOUT JOURNALISTS AND FANS FOLLOWING THEM ALL THE TIME , AND ON THE OTHER HAND PEOPLE HAVE TO LEARN TO RESPECT THE THE RIGHT OF THE FAMOUS TO KEEP THEIR PERSONAL LIVES SECRET .
IN MY OPINION FAMOUS PEOPLE ARE BEING OBLIGED TO PAY A PRICE FOR BEING FAMOUS THAT , IN SOME CASES , COSTS MORE THAN THEY DESERVE TO PAY .
To Mr. Robertson
I am writing to tell you something about the three - day trip to London .
I have seen your programme for the trip and I think it is going to be a great trip .
Thank you very much for organising this trip and putting all your spare time and effort into it .
Personally , I enjoy looking at and learning about new inventions and all the science .
That is why I think the trip to the science museum is a good idea .
However , my class and I have seen an advertisement for a fashion and leisure show . We are attracted to this show and would like to go .
Unfortunately , it is on 14th March , which is the day we will be visiting the science museum .
This show is on the 14th March .
It is in the Central Exhibition Hall and will start at ten o'clock and finish at five o'clock in the evening .
Apparently , this show is free to all students , which means if we went , the cost of the trip would be reduced .
I think it is a great opportunity because it is based on fashion .
We like to keep up with the trends but I think it will help those who want to become fashion designers later on .
I have a suggestion on how the programme could be changed .
The shopping time could be after the show and the free time exchanged for the science museum .
If we go to the show , we can do without the free time .
Please give this your careful consideration ..
Yours sincerely ,
In a country like the UK , we are all bound to have houses .
We either own it , or we simply borrow it from other people . We take our homes for granted .
Think about the people in the poor countries !
They struggle to survive .
However , as we approach the future , our homes will start to change .
Have you ever thought about how the changes will affect our lives ?
I doubt it .
There will be lots of differences in our homes of the future from our homes now , but there may also be a lot of similarities .
For one , the future home might not be built out of bricks at all !
It may be built out of a stronger substance or a more attractive one , such as glass .
Non - breakable glass .
Also , due to global warming , sea levels might rise and the risk of flooding will also rise .
Therefore , houses will be built on high supports .
All domestic appliances such as showers , kettles , lights , TV and curtains may be voice activated .
Incredibly high security will prevent robbery .
The future homes will also have many similarities , such as having a separate bathroom , and not having one in a bedroom , or having two floors or having garages .
It has been a pleasure sharing my thoughts with you .
What do you think will happen in the future ?
Dear Mrs. Clark ,
Recently I was at the annual international arts festival that you organized .
I 'm writing this letter to thank you for giving the opportunity to know more about modern art .
I think it is a wonderful idea to organize such festivals each year , because it is very interesting to learn some news about life in other countries .
Unfortunately , only six countries were represented this year at the festival , but I hope that soon there will be many more of them .
I really liked all the concerts , shows , and exhibitions , but why were n't there any photographic exhibitions ?
I think you should have some next year .
Also , I want to point out that the concert halls were too small , that is why they were overcrowded during some concerts .
Also , I want to say that the plays and films were excellent , but there were n't enough of them for me .
Maybe you should have more next year .
And finally , my opinion is that one weekend ticket for all events is a great idea , because you do n't have to wait in queues to buy a ticket for a show you want to go to .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Lucia ,
I was very pleased to receive your letter .
You asked if there are some school rules in my country .
As you know , I 'm studying at a private Academy , so the rules in my institute are different from the rules in state institutes . I 'll give you an example .
In our Academy we are not allowed to smoke .
The fine for smoking on the Academy 's premises is 100 dollars .
So nobody smokes there .
I do n't smoke , so I do n't care about this rule .
But some of my friends really would like to change it .
You also wanted to know about what I 'm allowed or not allowed to do at home .
Well , I have rather modern parents , so they do n't stop me going to discos or somewhere with my friends .
The only rule for me at home is to walk my dog three times a day .
I hope it was interesting for you to know about the rules in my life .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I went to the Circle Theatre to watch the ' Over the rainbow ' musical show , recently .
I was truly disappointed by it .
My expectations were high after I 'd read your leaflet in which it was advertised as ' London 's newest and best musical show ' .
Now , I can assure you it was n't .
Firstly , it was Danny Brook who was supposed to star .
The substitute was far worse .
Secondly , I had to wait forty - five minutes before the show finally began .
Another unkept promise was the discounts .
There were n't any !
Lastly , when I got hungry after the delay it appeared that the theatre restaurant was closed . You can believe me it was n't ' my perfect evening out ' and I have no other choice than to ask you to give me my money back .
I paid for something I did n't get so it is obvious that I want my money back .
I got the £ 15 ticket .
I 'd like you to send the money to this address : ul Taklowa 10
Skoclow 43 - 430
POLAND
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
After two days , the whole school knew .
When Paul entered the school gate , other children began to tease him and laugh .
Paul could n't stand it .
He ran out quickly , leaving everyone behind .
He felt very ashamed and did n't know what to do .
Normally , he would go and talk to Pat but Pat betrayed him .
They were no longer friends . '
How could he , ' Paul thought ' Now the whole school knows Jean attracts me ' .
As he was sitting there , he heard someone walking towards him .
He turned around and saw ... Jean . '
What are you doing here ? Why are n't you at school ? '
she asked .
Paul was paralyzed .
He could n't reply . '
I heard what you 've said about me ' , she said , I think it 's sweet ' .
Paul could n't believe his ears .
While he was thinking how to reply , Jean took his hand and led him to the school .
When they entered everyone became silent .
All the children were staring at them and Paul thought that Pat was n't that bad at all .
Cambridge 13.06.00
Dear Helen Ryan ,
Competition Organiser
I am glad to know about the news that I have received .
It is a dream come true and was really unexpected for me !
I would like to travel in July because it is more suitable for me .
I think I will really enjoy it if I can stay in a tent . It is going to be a new experience and looks exciting .
About the activities while at the Camp , I would like to do swimming , not because I am good at it , just because I am keen on it and the other one is Photography .
As I never did this in my whole life could you tell me if we have to make our own meals or can I find everything ready to eat there ?
If not , what do you suggest ?
The same question for clothes and money .
How much do I have to put in my pocket ?
I hope has had your questions out of your mind .
Yours sincerely
Cambridge 13.06.00
Dear friend
Kim
Last month , I enjoyed helping at a pop concert in Portugal .
Everything was new for me .
I had to ( lyd ) tidy up the place where they have to wait for their turn .
The group asked me to make sure that in the fridge they always could find a wide variety of drinks including honey and lemon for the throat .
The other thing I had to do was keep an eye on the towels , I mean , dry towels because as you know that country is too hot , especially for my liking , and they have to change clothes and look fresh ; do n't ask me why .
The pop concert happened in a big stadium called " Mararcanã " .
I just did not enjoy it when they were making the instruments work for the big day .
But what I particularly liked was to see the rest of the other groups and ask for their autographs .
Do n't be jealous , I will make a copy for you , OK ?
Love
Dear Ms Jane Clark .
I am writing to you with regard to the International Art Festival that was held recently .
The festival was excellent in many ways , and in particular it being an international festival was a challenging , but brilliant idea .
I assume that this fact attracted people very much .
In addition to that , organising one weekend with special price tickets was particularly good .
I personally think that it helped many people who were not able to afford the tickets at the normal price to come to the festival .
Moreover , most of the events I went to were fantastic .
However , I still have some comments to make to improve the festival next year .
The festival was supposed to be an international one , but the artists and stars who participated in it were from six countries only .
Thus , I recommend that stars and artists of various nationalities should be invited .
Also , some of the concert halls where the musicians performed were not big enough for the vast number of attendees .
I think it would be much better to use bigger concert halls .
Furthermore , I found that there were not many genres in either the films or the plays .
So I suggest you have various kinds , and more plays and films next year .
I hope that next year 's festival will be much more successful than this year 's one .
Yours sincerely ,
The Old Man and the Sea
People all have different opinions about books .
Some prefer realistic stories whereas others prefer unusual ones .
But I prefer realistic stories such as Ernest Hemingway 's " The Old Man and the Sea ' .
Above all , realistic stories teach me something about life , or at least influence me .
As far as I 'm concerned , my behaviour and attitudes towards a difficult situation began to change after reading this book .
Here , the fishman is very old , but he is still challenging everything he faces .
When he caught a shark which was bigger than the ship , he never gave up on taking it back to his village , even when sharks were around him .
Real stories have huge impacts on me , and affect me a lot , often in good ways .
In addition to that , realistic stories are more attractive , I personally do n't want to hear stories about very peculiar incidents as I know they can not be true .
But , while reading realistic stories , I just fall deep into the story , into the writer 's own world .
Ernest Hemingway 's sentences are precise , but still very powerful and alive .
So when I read about other sharks eating the shark the old man had caught , I got very angry and annoyed .
Realistic stories thus , develop our imagination and creativity , which are essential in our lives .
We all learn from reading books , but realistic stories have more influence on me and develop my personality .
That 's why I prefer realistic stories to unusual ones .
17th June 2000
Dear Sir ,
I would like to complain about a musical show .
I was very disappointed during a week 's holiday because I had a lot of problems with the show .
I had seen from the advertisement that the actors were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , but it was not Danny Brook .
I was really disappointed because he is my favourite actor .
The musical should have started at 19.30 , but it started at 20.15 .
When I went to ask for the discount on the ticket at the cashier desk they told me no discount was available .
I had seen the advertisement saying that a discount was available .
After the show I decided to have dinner in your theatre restaurant , but I could n't because it was closed .
It closed at 10 pm but the show finished at 10.30 pm .
This was not a perfect evening for me , so if you do n't give me my money back , I will tell the newspaper about it .
I am looking forward to hearing some good news .
Yours faithfully ,
Boo Sersuwan .
I think in the next 100 years people will wear space clothes with a small engine in the back , because of the atmosphere .
The atmosphere of the earth is now deteriorating badly every year .
The level of carbon dioxide is growing very fast and people cut down more trees , therefore there are not enough trees to absorb the carbon dioxide and produce oxygen .
The designers will have a lot of ideas about how to make very nice and useful clothes .
I think if we wear these clothes we will travel everywhere easier than we use cars , ships , planes and spaceships .
This means the engineering will find the way to useless petrol for it , so it must useful in the future .
I think somebody will make a very big area to grow plants so they can sell the oxygen .
This will be a new business .
I think I can win this prize , because these clothes will be produced in soon in the future .
17/06/00
mr . MANAGER
MY NAME is JAMES CAMIREZ AND I AM WRITING THIS LETTER TO YOU BECAUSE I HAVE SOME COMPLAINTS REGARDING THE DISAPPOINTING EVENING I HAD LAST NIGHT .
FIRST OF ALL , IN THE ADVERTISEMENT FOR THE SHOW IT SAID THAT THE ACTOR WAS GOING TO BE DANNY BROOK AND INSTEAD OF HIM THERE WAS A TOTALLY UNKNOWN CLOWN THAT HAD NO IDEA OF HOW TO ACT . IT WAS HORRIBLY DISAPPOINTING !
SECOND I GOT TO THE THEATRE AT 19.20 BECAUSE IN THE ADVERTISEMENT IT CLEARLY STATES THAT THE SHOW STARTS AT 19.30 , AND I GOT REALLY MAD WHEN I LOOKED AT MY WATCH AND NOTICED THAT I HAD BEEN WAITING FOR 40 ( FORTY ) MINUTES AND THE SHOW HADN'T STARTED YET ... I MEAN IT WAS AMAZING !
THEN I READ IN THE ADVERTISEMENT , " DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE " , AND I DIDN'T GET ANY DISCOUNTS WHEN I ASKED FOR THEM .
AFTER THE SHOW I GOT OUT OF THE SHOW ROOM DEEPLY DISAPPOINTED AND WENT TO THE RESTAURANT TO DRINK SOMETHING TO RELAX , AND DO YOU KNOW WHAT ?
.. IT WAS CLOSED !
I COULDN'T BELIEVE IT . HOW CAN THIS CLASS OF THEATRE BE SO ..
OH I'M GETING MAD AGAIN SO I AM GOING TO TELL YOU ONE LAST THING , IT WAS THE MOST HORRIBLE NIGHT I HAD EVER HAD SO I DEMAND MY MONEY BACK !
I THINK THAT MODERN TECHNOLOGY HAS AFFECTED ALL HUMAN BEINGS .
MODERN TECHNOLOGY HAS AFFECTED ME IN SEVERAL WAYS . I MEAN THE MORE THE TECHNOLOGY ADVANCES ; THE MORE COMFORTCOMFORTABLE WE GET .
NOW WITH MODERN MACHINES I CAN MAKE BETTER USE OF MY TIME . IF I AM LATE TO GO TO TRAINING AND I HAVEN'T EATEN YET I JUST TAKE MY FOOD AND PUT IT IN THE MICROWAVE OVEN .
ANOTHER EXAMPLE IS COMPUTERS . I THINK THEY ARE SOME OF THE MOST ADVANCED MACHINES IN THE WORLD . YOU CAN LIVE YOUR ENTIRE LIFE IN A HOUSE WITHOUT GOING OUT , JUST BY USING THE INTERNET . IT HAS ALSO HELPED ME WITH MY HOMEWORK . I MEAN IT 'S INCREDIBLE THE TIME YOU WASTE BY DOING SOMETHING WITHOUT A COMPUTER .
BUT I THINK ALSO THAT WITH MODERN TECHNOLOGY WE GET MORE COMFORTABLE SO THAT MAKES ME A PASSIVE PERSON AND NOT SO ACTIVE .
THIS CAN BE BAD TOO BECAUSE IF I GET USED TO BEING COMFORTABLE , WHEN I NEED TO DO HARD WORK I WON'T BE ABLE TO .
1ST June 2000
Dear Ms Ryan ,
I am writing to reply to your letter and I am so pleased to have won the prize .
Thank you very much !
In answer to your questions : I would like to travel in July .
I am a full - time student , my summer holidays begin at the end of June and I have planned to work on my grandfather 's farm in August .
So July is the only time I will be free .
Secondly , I would prefer tents to log cabins .
Camping is my hobby and I sleep in tents every time I go camping .
Therefore , I am afraid I ca n't get used to log cabins easily .
Besides camping , I also like painting .
My Dad is an amateur painter , and I have been painting for 8 years .
I 'm good at portraits and landscapes .
I would also like to play golf during my holiday , but I have never played it before . Will I get any tuition ?
Finally , I should like to ask some questions .
What is the weather like in California in July ?
What kind of clothes should I pack ?
If I want to buy some gifts , how much money should I take and can I use traveller 's cheques in every place ?
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Our lives are getting better and better , so people have begun to go shopping more frequently .
It 's always a great treat to go home with bags of purchases , but is it doing us any good apart from the temporary satisfaction ?
Everyone likes sales , but those so - called sale items are not really good value .
In the fashion industry , sales begin at the end of each season and just last a short time , because those retailers want to make room for new stock .
But you 'll find your ' cool bargain ' soon gets out of date and you have to keep buying new ones .
Also supermarket owners have invested a vast amount of money to find out the best way to place goods in order to get the most profit .
Therefore , we become impulsive buyers easily under the influence of these tricks .
The result is we feel guilty after spending more than we expected , or even suffer from financial difficulty .
Shopping does not just affect us mentally , but also physically .
It 's not hard to realise how exhausted we are after a day of shopping .
Think of the awful crowds , the busy car parks , polluted air in the city centres and mile - long queues in front of the cash desks .
I do n't think anyone really likes to face them .
But once you get there , they 're just inevitable , are n't they ?
Well , now before you go shopping , think again and you 'll realise it wo n't always be enjoyable .
Dear Manager ,
I 'm a person who went to see the musical show . I would like to know something about the " Over the rainbow " programme .
You have informed the actor , times , discount and the restaurant to people , but actually what did you do ?
First , you have changed the actor .
Second , the time is late from 19.30 , it started 20.15 .
Third , the tickets have not the discount .
Last , after the show , I could n't go to the restaurant , because it was closed .
What 's happened ?
This is the good theatre do , or not ?
This is a famous theatre .
You know , What did people feel ?
Everybody attented go to the show , funny , and happy in the end , and what have we go then ?
Disappointed !
Think about that .
If you could not manage the programme , why did n't you inform people before the programme started ?
I thought you understood ' ; please send money back to me , you know why , do n't answer me ?
Thank you ,
Now we know , our world has developed to new world , because we have high technology to do .
If we came back to the past , we felt everything , it was so difficult to do , we would have plane and done by ourselves and last time .
Today , technology is a part of life .
It started from got up in the morning , we have the machine help us to cook , iron , cleaning , washing , and then we went out to work , there are car , sky train to travel for help us convenience and quickly .
While we work at the office , there are the computer and equipment to help us to work and easy . After we have finished work , we come back home , and there is the television for get information , news , data by different way and quickly .
How has modern technology changed your everyday life ?
We appreciated the modern technology changed my daily life for help every easy and quickly , we have time to do many things .
Dear Mr Robertson ,
Regarding the programme you have organised , everything that you have planned is a great idea , but I would like to suggest something that the students saw in an advertisement .
It is a good start to go on a sightseeing bus on Monday morning , because we can see all the famous buildings in a few hours .
It will be relaxing to go to Greenwich in the afternoon looking over the river .
The idea of going to the science museum is fantastic . I read about the museum , and it is really interesting for the history of science .
After all morning in the museum , it is wonderful and on Tuesday doing some shopping , whereas the students have another idea for Tuesday .
On Wednesday after we have visited the National Art Gallery , we can have a chat about our next holiday during the free time in the afternoon .
The advertisement that the students saw is for a fashion show , but to go to the show you will need to cancel the tour on Tuesday and add the show , because the show is from 10.00 to 19.00 .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Freedom !
Nowadays the main attraction in the newspapers and on television is the private lives of famous people .
It is really interesting how people like to know about famous people 's lives .
Without someone famous knowing , photographers take pictures secretly , and try to get money for them .
Sometimes being famous can get stressful , because everywhere they go there are people around them , especially journalists , trying to ask millions of questions .
Famous people deserve to have freedom to do whatever they want , but it is quite difficult to do things in public places , because nobody likes seeing famous politicians or film stars without asking questions .
On the whole , being rich and famous does n't always bring happiness , whereas the majority of the population wish they were rich and famous .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing to complain about the musical show " Over the rainbow " , which was performed in your theatre two weeks ago .
I went to see it on 5th June 2000 .
First of all , Danny Brook was not there that evening but an unknown and not very good actor .
Secondly the show started 45 minutes late .
Then at the ticket office I was told that no discounts were available so I had to pay the full price despite the fact that I am a student .
Finally I would have had dinner at the theatre restaurant if it had not already been closed because the show finished , obviously , late .
I am really not satisfied with the organisation of the show particularly because in the advertisement you wrote something false .
For this reason I expect to receive my money back .
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately , Pat was n't good at keeping secrets .
Last week we had another demonstration of this .
On Monday we decided to organize a surprise party for Ted 's birthday on Tuesday evening .
Each of us had a different task .
Anna made the cake , Peter organized the music , Heather and I went to buy the present ; Pat said : " OK , I 'll phone some of Ted 's friends to invite them " .
Obviously Ted should not have known anything about it and we reminded Pat of that twice : " The party is a secret ! ! " and she said : " Yes , it must be a surprise ! "
On Tuesday afternoon we met to arrange the last details ; Pat said : " I 've just phoned Tommy , Billy and Alison and I met Ted yesterday evening : they all have said OK for the party .. "
At that moment she understood that something was wrong !
Dear Mr Robertson ,
Thank you for organising a good programme , we especially like sightseeing from River trip to Greenwich in London for three days .
I am writing on behalf of my classmates to give you the information about ' The London Fashion And Leisure Show ' which we would like to go to and to offer our opinion .
We have seen an advertisement in last Saturday 's ' The Times ' edition of the show .
It will be held in Central Exhibition Hall , London on Tuesday March 14 from 10.00 to 19.00 .
Firstly , it will introduce the latest fashions connecting Millennium .
Secondly , we will be able to see leisure and sportswear about fashion trend of next year .
It would be a fantastic opportunity for the students who study fashion .
Finally , we can see how to do make - up and create better hairstyles in the show .
Most of all , it is free for students to enter .
We would like to know if it is possible to change your programme .
We would be grateful if we could go there in the afternoon on 14 March because we are able to go shopping .
We look forward to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerely ,
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Whenever I recollect it , I feel self - confident .
When I was twenty years old , I had to go into the Army .
As you know , my country has been separated into two countries ( South and North Korea ) .
However , instead of going into the Army , I was able to apply to join the Korea Auxiliary Police .
One year later , I was working in Kang - nam police station in Seoul .
Suddenly , the burglar alarm came on .
So , another policeman and I had to arrive at the accident place quickly .
When we arrived at the place where it happened , one man started running away .
Without any thought , I ran quickly like a swallow .
Then , he tried to go over the wall , I held his leg .
He fell down and we had to stare at each other .
After we fought for a minute , I was able to arrest him .
As a result , I could go on vacation .
When I told my mother , she asked me not to do it again .
But , I was a policeman .
Therefore , I had to do it in spite of it being dangerous .
Dear Competition Organiser ,
I am writing to reply to your letter and to ask for more details about the competition .
Firstly , I would like to say that I 'm very glad to have been chosen and I will do my best for this competition .
As you asked in the letter , I would like to travel only in July because I work at the central library and I 'm also having English classes , so I will just have holidays in July .
Is that suitable for you ?
As you mentioned about the accommodation , I would prefer to stay in a tent , because it 's more exciting and I really love camping .
I examined all the activities that you listed and I was disappointed to have to choose just two of them because in my opinion I 'm good at almost all of these activities .
However , I would choose sailing because I am fascinated with the sea and its mysteries and I also like the water , the wind in my face ...
The other one I would choose is basketball because I 'm tall and very fast with the ball .
Finally I would like to know what kind of clothes we are supposed to wear there , and about the money we are supposed to bring to pay for food and things like that .
I 'm looking forward to receiving your prompt reply .
sincerely
Clara
Dear Kim ,
I am writing to tell you some news and to ask a little bit about you .
First of all , I 'm going to tell the good news .
Last month , I went to a pop concert with four bands playing .
It was unbelievable ! ! !
Although there were 5,000 thousand people there , people could walk and dance without any problem .
It was very well organised . The show started exactly on time and the group performed well too .
I contributed to the concert by selling some tickets to my friends .
However great the success of the concert , at the end of the show some full gays started a big confusion and some people got hurt .
It was depressing ...
Finally , I would like to know some news about you . What have you done ?
Are you studying a lot ?
Please write me a letter as soon as possible !
Love from
Clara .
Dear Helen Ryan ,
I have just received your letter which made me so happy . I can not believe that I won first prize in your competition , because I have always believed I am an unlucky man and now I think some things are changing in my life .
I would like to come in July , because I am studying English and we have a one - month break in July , so please book my log cabin for July .
I would prefer to stay in a cabin because I had some experience of tents in my childhood and it was not a very good experience , therefore I would like to stay in a cabin .
You say in your letter I can do two activities from the list which features many exciting activities .
I would definitely choose basketball and swimming which are my dream sports .
I used to play in the school team when I was in high school and our team was one of the best basketball teams in the whole county and I am also very good at swimming .
I would like to ask a few things , especially about the weather : what is the weather like in July in the U.S.A ? What kind of clothes will I need and how much money should I take with me ? Because I have never been to the U.S.A. before I do n't know anything about it .
I am looking forward to your letter of reply .
Yours sincerely
I have never enjoyed doing shopping , but nowadays there are some people who are called shopaholics .
They are just like alcoholics and these people go shopping every day because they can not stop themselves unless they have not got money to spend .
I can not believe how they do this every day , even when I need something at home I always try to find something to use instead .
Because nowadays wherever you go there is a big queue and I hate waiting .
The queues are not the only problem . If you go by car there is the problem of parking , if you go by bus there are also queues and you have to carry a lot of carrier bag carrier bags during your journey and you wo n't always be lucky enough to find a seat .
If you go shopping for clothes that is the worst kind of shopping .
Especially if you want to buy clothes with your girlfriend or if you are a girl , you have to be ready to spend hours trying on clothes .
I really hate going shopping with girls to buy clothes because when they go into a shop they want to try on every single item of clothing and they do not realise the time .
Some people say " shopping is not always enjoyable " but for me it is definitely unenjoyable and I think it will be the same for the rest of my life .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing with reference to the musical show I saw last week in your theatre .
I hoped that it would be the most exciting evening during my week 's holiday in London .
Unfortunately it was n't .
I would n't like to be unkind but I must say that the advertisement for the show included a lot of false information .
First of all , when I bought the tickets it appeared that there was no discount available .
Secondly , I must complain that the musical show started almost an hour late and in addition to this no one apologized .
Moreover , I would like to ask why Danny Brook , who is my favourite actor , did n't perform in the show .
Furthermore , I would like to enquire why the theatre restaurant was closed .
Finally , I must say that I had a very disappointing evening and I would like to get my money back .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
I wish I had known it two days ago ... On 15th June we were at the birthday party .
Dora wanted me to come with Pat because she was in love with him .
I really like Dora and Pat and I just wanted to help them to be together , but it was n't such a good idea .
I thought that if I said something specific about her he would look at her in a different way .
Well , I forgot that it 's just a boy !
I should n't have told him that she was a virgin .
It was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was staring at us .
Yesterday , I discovered that he told everything to Marl and Tony .
I really regret that I was so foolish .
The most horrible thing is the fact that my friendship with Dora seems to be on the rocks and I do n't know what I have to do to overcome the difficulties .
Dear Manager
I am writing this letter to you because when I went to your musical show I had a very bad time .
Firstly when I went to the show it was written that the start time was 19.30 but it started at quarter past eight . I had waited for forty - five minutes .
Secondly the stars were going to be DANNY BROOK and TINA TRUELOVE but different people came to the show .
It was the first time I had been to a musical show but I guess it will be the last one too .
Anyway after the show I felt hungry so I went to the restaurant but it was closed because they were having the inside altered .
And lastly that was the worst night I had ever had so I asked for my money back but they would n't give me it so I had an argument with the people who worked there but I could n't get my money back .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Because last year I started smoking and nobody knew that I was smoking but one day as I was smoking at the back of the school someone came up to me and I noticed that it was Pat .
She saw me as I was smoking so that was n't going to be very good .
She said that she would n't tell anyone but I knew she might say it to someone so I was always with her every minute , every second .
But one day as I was walking home like every night I saw Pat in front of our house door talking to my dad .
I just knew I should n't have trusted her but as I went in the house my dad asked Pat to stay for a meal . I was in shock , thinking why is n't anyone getting angry with me ? After a while we sat down for dinner and Pat just told my parents that I was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry .
I could n't go out of the house for a month so now I know how Pat is and that she ca n't keep any secrets .
Dear Mister
I 'm writing to you to complain about the musical show you are putting on at the moment : " Over the Rainbow " .
As my husband is a native and we live in Switzerland , we appreciate spending a week in London every year .
We are keen on theatre and musical shows .
Your theatre is known to put on excellent shows .
We were never disappointed before and especially enjoyed " The Drama " you presented last year .
Anyway we had a very disappointing evening .
First , we could n't get a discount , although you mention it in your advertisement .
And the only tickets left were £ 20 .
Then the show began 45 minutes later than stated .
Last but not least , Danny Brook was replaced by a different actor , whose name I probably forgot because of his poor performance .
We are used to eating at your restaurant which is not only well known for it 's good value but also for it 's original decor .
Therefore I ask you to give us £ 20 back , because the two tickets were not worth more .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
yours faithfully
Unfortunately , Pat was n't really good at keeping secrets .
The following story will prove it .
I left the office at six o'clock .
I was free as the air .
My husband was doing a course all week in Berne .
The kids were with their grandmother , who takes care of them .
I drove to Ouchy where I had a drink .
It was so hot , I decided to go for a swim in tutry , although I had n't a swimming costume .
I knew a good place .
I parked the car and waited ten minutes .
As I had planned , the place was deserted .
I took my clothes off and swam for twenty minutes in the lake .
Coming back , I noticed that my clothes were missing .
I walked back , hoping I would n't come across anyone and be able to drive back home .
The car was missing too .
Unfortunately a police car drove by and the policeman saw me standing there nude .
They drove me to their office after having given me a shirt .
There I called Pat who picked me up .
I felt so miserable that Pat laughed to see me .
Of course she told everything to my husband .
If only Pat could keep secrets !
Dear Jane Clark ,
I am writing to thank you for arranging the International Arts Festival .
It was an absolutely great idea .
However , I would like to give some suggestions for next year as I have read the advertisement .
Firstly , could you invite stars and artists from more than only six countries ?
In my opinion , it might be better to have time with a variety of nationalities .
Secondly , the music concerts were very exciting and I had a lot of fun , but some concert halls were too small to enjoy them comfortably .
Thirdly , I am expecting to watch more films and plays , which were impressive .
Lastly , it could be nice for students who are interested in the arts , if you offer special events , for instance , a song contest , writing competition or dance lessons .
To sum up , I hope the festival is organised next year with excellent reasonably - priced tickets like this year 's .
Yours sincerely ,
PART TIME JOBS : Find your place
Do you need money ?
If you do , make sure why you want to earn money .
That is very important to find a way of earning and saving money .
Probably the best way you can get money is to have a part - time job in your spare time .
I am recommending you check your possible time to work - weekdays or weekend ? - before you apply for a job .
If you just decide to work , you 'd better find a job near your place .
Firstly , go to your school or local council .
They will be able to help to find safe and suitable jobs for students like you .
Secondly , ask your family or friends .
As they know about your interests and personality , it is easy to help you .
In my case , I could get a telephone researcher part by my friend 's reference .
In conclusion , do n't forget that a job is just done in your " spare " time .
That 's it !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to make a complaint about the show ' Over the Rainbow ' .
During my stay in London I went to your theatre to see this show .
Though it said in your advertisement the show stars Danny Brook there was a different actor on stage .
That is not the only problem .
The show was meant to start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 .
You promised that there would be discounts , but when I arrived , I found out that they were not available .
I wanted to go to your restaurant .
I invited a friend of mine and promised her that we would go there .
And what I found out .
Your restaurant was closed .
You promised that if we went to your show we would have a perfect evening .
Everything was just the reverse .
I am very disappointed . That is why I am asking you for compensation .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was not very good at keeping secrets .
It happened at the end of the school year .
My class was going to a nightclub and I wanted to go there too .
I asked my parents if I could go , but they did not let me do that .
I tried to persuade them , said that nothing would happen to me , promised to do all the housework .
But all they did was tell me that I am to young for that and I can go there only when I am 20 years old .
I had such a desire to go to the disco that I decided to go even without my parents ' permission .
I told my secret to my best friend , Pat .
But she told it to every kid in school , even the teachers heard it .
It happened that one of the teachers told my parents about it .
In the end I was punished and stayed at home for two weeks .
I understood that I must keep my secrets and not tell anybody , even my best friend .
Dear Mrs. Jane X ,
I would like to make some comments about the event that I went to .
First of all , the concert hall is too small to have a great concert .
I think it should be bigger for jazz , rock or even classical concerts .
Secondly , I had some ideas for the next year 's events , such as the following :
- Funny plays and films to spend the break ;
- Dance shows after dinner to provide something interesting to do in the night ;
- Art exhibitions to teach us more things about the artist 's lifestyle ; and
- talks by writers to say how good his latest book is .
In addition , the tickets are too expensive and it is difficult to buy a new one every day . So , I think it would be more effective if there was one reasonably - priced weekend ticket for all events .
In conclusion , I believe it will be better next year if these points are observed for the each year the event to be better than before .
Sincerely
How are you ?
It was nice to get some news about you .
I remember this time in our class when we were talking for a long time about rules and I am missing that time so much .
Well , about rules in my country , the situation is not different from other countries .
The rules must be respected by all people if you do n't want to be kicked out of school .
You must be organised , clean and respect the rights of other people .
Dear Manager of the Circle Theatre ,
While I was staying in London for a holiday , I went to the Circle Theatre to see OVER THE RAINBOW in the evening .
That made me feel disappointed .
First of all , the actor was different from the one mentioned in your advertisement .
I mean he was not Danny Brook .
Secondly , it took times to wait about forty - five minutes , because it started at 20:15 .
It should be on time at 19:30 .
Then it had no discounts , which the advertisement said so .
Due to being a student , I think I should have got the discount on your ticket price with my ID card .
Besides this , the theatre restaurant closed early .
As soon as the show ended , I went there to have a dessert .
Lastly , I do n't think that it was my perfect evening .
I would like to get my money back .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Griffin , who is a teacher , was n't surprised at our preparation .
It was very close to his birthday , so we made a decision to hold a small party for him .
She had just been studying with us for three weeks .
She is not talkative , but kind and reserved .
However , at this party she came to she was responsible for preparing food .
As far as we knew , she was good at cooking .
While she was choosing vegetables at a market , she came across him .
When he asked her , ' Why do you choose carefully ? ' , she answered without thinking .
That caused the secret to be disclosed .
We did n't blame her , because we knew that she did n't intend to act like that .
Although he was n't surprised , he was glad and pleased with our party .
Anyway , Happy Birthday to Griffin , again .
Dear Jean Clark ,
I recently spent two days at your Annual International Arts Festival and I am writing to express my opinion about it .
Firstly , I think the International Arts Festival is a wonderful idea because I have the opportunity to enjoy different arts events .
But it is also true I could just see stars and artists on stage from only six countries , not stars from around the world as you said in your advertisement .
Secondly , I really enjoyed the jazz and classical concerts in spite of the fact that some of them took place in too small concert halls .
Thirdly , all the plays and films shown were interesting . In my opinion you should include some more films and plays in your festival next year .
Finally , I think it was a good idea buying only one ticket for all the events since I spent the time watching and enjoying all of them .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
Dear George ,
Sorry it 's been too long since I last wrote but I 've been so busy at school that I could n't answer you before .
As you told me in your last letter , you were talking about rules in your class and you wanted to know about school rules in my country and also what I am allowed to do at home .
First , I must tell you that the teachers are strict at school .
We are n't allowed to eat in the classrooms and in addition to this we must sit down at individual desks .
We ca n't chat with our classmates .
How boring !
At home everything is quite good , because mum and dad are great but there 's one main rule : I must tell them where I am going and what time I 'll come back .
Granny is the problem because she 's a bit bossy !
She usually tells me what to do and what kinds of clothes I should wear but I do n't take any notice of her .
I really must get down to some homework now so I 'll stop here .
Give my love to your parents .
Write to me soon
Dear Mr Robertson ,
I am writing to you as a representative of the class about the 3-day school trip which has been organized for next week .
First of all , I would like to thank you for the excellent organization of this trip which seems to be very interesting and useful for the students .
In particular , I believe that the visit to the National Art Gallery will be a really exciting experience for all of us .
All the students are enthusiastic about it .
However , some of them have read an advertisement about the London Fashion and Leisure Show , which will take place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on 14th March .
The Exhibition will show all the latest fashions over a very wide range from sportswear to make - up and even hairstyles .
What is more , the show is free for all students .
We feel that taking part in it would be a great opportunity for us since we will be able to get some information about the world of fashion , which is becoming more and more important in our time .
Under the circumstances , I was asked by the class to inform you about the show and to ask if it would be possible to make some changes to the programme if it could to visit the exhibition .
It will take place on Tuesday from 10.00am to 7.00pm , so we could give up shopping and go to the show in the afternoon .
I hope you will consider this possibility and tell us as soon as possible if you intend to accept our proposal .
Yours sincerely ,
Being rich and famous is something all of us have dreamt of at some time .
But famous people are n't always happy with their situation .
Usually if you ask them what they desire most , the answer is : " I would like to be able to live like ordinary people do . "
This answer is no surprise : famous people can not have their own private life .
Whenever they go out they are suddenly " hounded " by groups of journalists and photographers who want an interview or a photo .
They can not even have a pizza with friend who stops them and asks them for an autograph .
But the worst thing of all is that they are often the victim of malicious gossip , which most of the time is not even true .
In conclusion , I believe that it is certainly right that famous people accept their situation , with all the advantages and disadvantages it brings . On the other hand , however , I think that they deserve to have a private life like all other people have .
Also the most famous star can be unhappy and depressed : in fact , money and celebrity do n't always bring happiness .
Dear Mr Robertson ,
Thank you for the programme which you have organised for the three days in London .
However , some students in our class have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would like to have an opportunity to go to the show .
The show is open between ten and seven p.m on Tuesday , March 14 , at the Central Exhibition Hall in London .
The latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make - up and hairstyles are expected to be displayed and studied .
We think it a great opportunity to touch a part of the latest cultures , which are concentrated and sharpened in London .
In addition , admission for students is free .
Taking the programme and the show into consideration , we suggest that we would have time to go to the show in the afternoon on Tuesday .
We suppose that during our free time on Wednesday we can find some time for shopping .
We hope that you consider our suggestion .
Yours sincerely ,
The ways of living are always changing .
There is no doubt that the functions and structures of the home have been changing as well as that of transformation , for example , have been .
Thinking about the home of the future , first of all , nuclear families should be expected because of new technologies , which make house - keeping easier and simpler and because of the idea which encourages us to live in cities for a convenient life .
People may tend to avoid living in a large number of families in an expected small house in a city .
On the other hand , the bond between parents and children is unlikely to change .
People always need their parents , children and so on .
The longer and further they live on their own , the more they may feel that they need a family .
New materials will surely change the home of the future in many ways .
It is just staff 's around us improving and turning into new one .
Hopefully , the minds of people will stay peaceful and gentle in the future .
Dear Mrs. Ryan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I was very surprised that I have won the first prize in your competition .
First I would like to mention that I can only travel in July , because I will work in August in a web designer 's studio .
So I am unable to go on holiday at any other time .
I would prefer to stay in a tent because I like camping very much .
I think it 's more exciting to be in a tent than in a log cabin .
I was very surprised that you offer such a great variety of sports and courses .
I would like to do Basketball and Painting .
I played Basketball at school for about two years .
I am rather good at it .
I also had Painting as my main subject at school for five years .
I like painting very much , and I think I am good at Painting .
I paint a lot in my free time .
I prefer painting landscapes and fantasy pictures .
I would like to ask you , how much money will we need ?
What clothes should we take with us ?
I hope to hear from you soon .
Yours sincerely
First I would like to point out that it was a good idea to present our school in a short film .
I think first of all we should film an English lesson , where pupils could prepare some group work or information boards .
I think it is also important to present a business English lesson . Maybe the pupils could write " offers and orders " or enquiries on the blackboard .
Next I would film a BWPM lesson .
This subject teaches the pupils how to make good presentations .
They get together in groups , then they prepare power - point presentations and finally they present it in front of the other pupils and teachers .
It would be also very interesting to film the situation during the break .
The smokers in the school yard , the buffet and the other pupils , who are sitting at their tables doing their homework .
I think then we should film an information - technology lesson .
It would be funny to show the computers , which are often overcharged , and often the netserver is spinning .
It 's really funny to see the helpless teacher , who wants to go on working in Excel or Word , while the computers do not work or break down .
I think that would be all for our video .
In my opinion these are the most interesting things in our school .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to complain about your show which was advertised in the last edition of " Plays " .
I am afraid that reality had nothing common with the things I expected to find .
First of all , the prices were n't lower in any cases although you advertised the information like that .
Then , I expected the show to start on time , but it turned out that I had to wait 45 minutes .
Moreover , when the play started at last , I could n't look at the actors .
In particular I was disappointed by Danny Brook , who made me nervous with his lack of talent .
According to your advertisement , there was an opportunity to have dinner in your restaurant , but I was surprised when I found it closed .
After that , I should also mention that this evening was dull , boring and the worst in my life .
I am looking forward to hearing from you and I insist that you refund my money at once .
Yours faithfully ,
Return to paradise
There is no doubt that fashion affects people and makes them obsessed with this subject , but what more can be designed ?
Can you imagine a trend which would be as shocking as it has never been ?
Clothes are part of each culture and one of those things which express our taste and personality .
People spend a lot of money to buy something extraordinary , feel comfortable and stand out .
They come up with many ideas but it ca n't last for a long time .
Nowadays , it 's getting obvious that designers sell only details , and significant changes do n't turn up .
Styles mix , colours and shapes come back from the past , and only the fabrics are different .
People look for something new but it is not so easy to be creative all the time . Teenagers are bored with casual fashion and their parents laugh at them because of the fact they wear ordinary clothes .
That 's why I believe in the solution which is the closest to human nature and can help us to avoid boredom . I am sure that eventually we will take off our clothes and in the future we will be undressed and free . There wo n't be any problem with being up - do - date .
As was previously stated , I am convinced that the reality will turn out to be a paradise where the most important thing will be the body and the purity of our soul .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in connection with the musical show I saw in your theatre a week ago .
Although the show was supposed to be London 's newest and best musical show , I was rather disappointed with it .
Firstly , I was really looking forward to seeing Danny Brook and Tina Truelove on the stage .
However , you changed actors without informing the audience .
As if this were not enough , the show was forty - five minutes late .
Your leaflet was rather misleading on this subject .
According to your leaflet , tickets were supposed to be a bit cheaper , but I was refused a discount .
On top of everything , the theatre restaurant was closed .
You can imagine how disappointed I was to have such an imperfect evening .
I demand a full refund or I will be forced to take this matter further .
I look forward to receiving your prompt reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Recently , we had a very interesting discussion about how science and technology affects our lives .
My life has also changed as a result of modern technology .
Thanks to computers , phones , mobile phones , and the Internet I can communicate with other people faster than I was able to before .
My father is a sailor and I see him only four times a year .
But thanks to mobile phones I can contact him even if he is sailing in the Atlantic Ocean .
I also enjoy shopping on the Internet .
This way I do n't have to be queuing in shops and supermarkets and I can choose fashionable clothes .
In the future I would love to be a doctor , especially a cardiologist .
Nowadays , modern technology is used in medicine more often and it can minimise the risk of the death of the patients .
However , I can see some disadvantages of technological progress .
First of all , I spend too much time indoors playing on the computer or watching TV . I know that if I want to keep fit and stay healthy , I must take up some sport .
Moreover , modern technology has made our environment more polluted .
That 's why we should ban cars from city centres , and close down factories which produce too much waste .
Although modern progress has made our life easier , it may also be harmful .
We should all be aware of these consequences of modern technology and use it wisely .
Dear Helen Ryan ,
I am writing to answer all the questions that you asked me in your last letter .
First of all , I wanted to thank you for giving me the first prize in your competition .
It is very important for me , because I have always wanted to travel to the U.S.A.
I would be able to travel only in July because it is the only month when I do n't have to go to school .
I would prefer to stay in a tent because , as I have never slept in a tent , it would be a new experience for me .
The two activities that I choose are : basketball and climbing .
I am a very good basketball player because I have been playing basketball since I was six years old .
On the other hand , I have never climbed a mountain but I always wanted to do it .
I wondered what kind of clothes I should take to the camp and I wanted to know how much money I should take .
I look forward to knowing the dates of the camp .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Kim ,
Thank you for your last letter .
It was very interesting and I enjoyed reading it .
As you know , I enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month .
It was a very good experience and I am going to tell you all about it .
First of all , I had to sell tickets for the concert in the street .
As I sold all the tickets that the organisers gave me , I won a prize of ten pounds .
Do n't ask me how the concert was !
Because during the concert I was working in the kitchen of the stadium bar , preparing sandwiches .
I am angry because I could n't watch the artists performing their songs .
When the concert was finished , some friends and I went for a drink .
It was a very important experience for me because I learnt all about the organisation of a pop concert .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours ,
Dear Mr Robertson
My name is ... and I am a student representative .
I am writing to you on behalf of my class concerning our trip to London .
First of all I would like to thank you for organizing the programme .
I read it and found it very good , especially the Science Museum and National Art Gallery as I am interested in arts .
However , I have a great proposition for you .
The students in my class have recently seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show .
I think it is a great opportunity for us , as it is at the time of our being in London and is free of charge for students .
The girls would like to see the latest fashions , new make - up and interesting hairstyles .
The boys are interested in seeing leisure and sportswear .
I would like to suggest a change in the programme by giving up shopping and going to the London Fashion and Leisure Show .
I hope you will consider this proposition and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
THE HOME OF THE FUTURE
Home is an important element in everybody 's life .
It gives you safety .
I do not know people who would not want to have a home .
We like our houses , that is why we are always trying to make them more comfortable and useful .
I think the home of the future will be bigger as we will need more room for ourselves , our belongings and interests .
The construction will be more simple , which will give us a feeling of balance .
More houses will have gardens , which will make us feel closer to nature .
Many people think that we will resign from a kitchen , which is a useless place , as we will spend most of the time at work and will eat outside .
I do not think so .
Because of computers , we will have the possibility of working at home , therefore , home will be a very important place worth paying attention to .
Take care of your home , do not hesitate in it and you will be very happy .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I went to the Circle Theatre to see the musical show " Over The Rainbow " .
Unfortunately , I had a very disappointing evening , because very little of what was offered in the advertisements was provided .
Firstly , we were informed that Danny Brook was starring but a different actor was starring in the show and he was really disappointing .
Secondly , in the advertisement it said that the show was to start at 19:30 .
However , it started at 20:15 , almost an hour late .
Thirdly , it said that discounts were available but we were again frustrated , seeing they were not available .
Finally , although we were informed that the theatre restaurant would be open after the show , it was closed because the show had started late .
As you can see , most of the offered activities in the advertisements were not provided .
We did not have " a perfect evening " as it said , actually we had an evening full of the theatre 's mistakes and were extremely disappointed .
I think it will be better for your theatre 's reputation to give at least some of my money back .
Yours faithfully ,
MY LIFE AND MODERN TECHNOLOGY
Here we are , in the 21st century ... We live in a technologically well - developed world , having every opportunity for communication , education and entertainment .
Almost everyone has televisions , computers and electronic devices .
But how has modern technology changed our lives ?
If I were to talk about my own life , my speech would be simple : " My electronic alarm clock wakes me up in the morning .
I go to school by underground .
When I come home , I cook my meal in the microwave .
In my spare time , I watch television , play with my computer , or chat on the Internet ... " There is no sentence without electronic devices .
I wonder what I could do without them ... I do n't go out with my friends or read books .
I have friends on the Internet and can learn anything while surfing it .
I sometimes get bored or feel isolated , because I know I am living in a virtual world .
When I look at my life , I can understand I am dependent on the machines .
My daily life is programmed to the virtual world I created .
Modern technology has changed my life completely .
Dear Ms. Jane Clark ,
I am writing to give my opinion about the International Arts Festival which was held on 21st and 22nd November .
I went to the rock concert by U2 and to see the Chinese film " Chung King Express " .
Both of them were not only really enjoyable , but also reasonably priced .
However , I feel that it would be even better if there were some improvement .
First of all , it would be better if there were more famous people of various nationalities .
Because most of them were from English - speaking countries this year .
In addition , larger halls should be provided for concerts since a lot of people could not get tickets for those by big stars .
Moreover , personally , I hope that the number of plays and films will increase .
I think they are the nearest ' arts ' in real life .
I would be glad if you considered my suggestions .
Yours sincerely ,
Money - hasn't it always been one of the most important problems for students ?
Of course , you ca n't afford a luxury car and a large apartment unless you 're born with a silver spoon in your mouth .
However , there are some good ways for you to earn enough money to enjoy yourself .
How about working as a waiter or waitress ?
Not only is it a simple job , but also you can enjoy working with a lot of colleagues your age .
It would be great fun to make friends outside your class or club .
If you say that the wage is far from satisfactory , why do n't you teach younger students as a private teacher .
It 's also a really popular job among university students because of the good salary .
If you are interested in teaching and responsible enough , you 'll probably become an excellent teacher .
Stop complaining about a lack of money and let 's start working to have a new world .
You 'll find that your life is becoming more and more enjoyable !
Dear Madam
I 'm writing to you in reply to your letter .
I was really surprised when I opened it .
I look forward to going to the Camp California in the USA .
I would like to travel only in July because my family is going to visit me in August and I will have to look after them .
I prefer staying in tents to staying in log cabins .
Because it reminds me of my childhood . I used to go with my friends to a camp , which was situated by the seaside .
We always enjoyed ourselves .
Never had I had such a great time .
From your list of activities I choose sailing and climbing .
I 'm keen on sailing , it is my favourite sport .
I find it very appealing .
I have been sailing since my father bought a boat in 1980 , when I was only five years old .
However , I have never taken part in any competitions connected with this sport .
For me it is only a hobby .
Last year I took up climbing and I want to carry on learning this sport .
I would like to ask what kinds of clothes I should take with me , and I wonder if prices are high there .
Yours faithfully
Angelina
I used to like shopping , but recently I came across many disadvantages of this activity .
Most people think that if they have got money they will buy everything they want .
It is n't true .
Nowadays we have many big shopping centres .
We like them because everything is in one place .
The most suitable time for shopping is the weekend when parents do n't work and children haven't got school .
Because of that , shopping centres are overcrowded .
You ca n't buy something in a peaceful and calm atmosphere .
In addition , in this kind of shops prices are very high , of course not all of them .
However such centres are very useful and necessary .
In my opinion the worst thing which may happen is an extremely long queue for the changing room .
It is really exhausting .
Afterwards you are all in .
Nevertheless sometimes shopping can be enjoyable .
If you bought something gorgeous , you will be very happy .
On balance I think that shopping should be a nice thing so if you are in a bad mood do n't go shopping .
Dear Mr. Robertson
First of all , I want to thank you on behalf of the class for your excellent organisation and programme , and especially for the fact that you are giving us some free time .
We really appreciate this .
However , we have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show .
The show is on Tuesday the 14th of March , from 10 to 7 o'clock in the Central Exhibition Hall .
The latest fashions in leisure and sports wear , make - up and hairstyles will be shown there .
This is a great opportunity for us , because we haven't ever before been to this kind of show .
As well as this , entrance for students is free .
As you can see this is the best time to go there .
We have some suggestions about how to change the programme .
Instead of visiting the Science Museum on Tuesday we could go there on Wednesday afternoon and instead of going shopping on Tuesday afternoon we could maybe stop at some places during the sightseeing tour and buy something there .
To sum up , this is a really great opportunity for us and I do n't think that the changes are so big .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
Man is a being that needs to live close to other human beings and to create a society around himself .
As well as this he needs his own free space and privacy .
This is also as important to him as friendship and family .
In our society some people are treated like animals in the zoo by the press .
Just because they are famous and well known to a high number of other people .
The newspapers print everything about them .
The yellow press is searching for every little bit of information they can get .
The photographers are chasing these people just to take a picture of them to show how they eat or with whom they meet .
The photos will be in tomorrow 's press and so rumours are born .
On the other hand these people have chosen to walk this path .
Everything in life has a price .
The price for fame and money is the loss of privacy .
First of all you have to give up something to get something else .
However , the press should n't create rumours and hunt those people like animals .
As well as this , the stars should n't complain at any time about their fans and their loss of privacy .
They wanted to be famous and they knew the price beforehand .
The fans and the press are those who have made them rich and famous .
Dear Sir or Madam !
I 'm writing to you because of the musical show " Over the rainbow " , which I saw on Friday the 16th of June in your theatre .
There are several points I have to complain about which meant the evening was not nice at all .
First the show started much later than was advertised .
Instead of half past seven the show started at quarter past eight . I could n't go to get any refreshment for two reasons , the first one is that there was no information about how long the start of the show was going to be late by .
The second reason is that the theatre restaurant was closed for the next two months because of building plans .
After I waited for about 45 minutes the show suddenly started but I realised that the main actor Danny Brook , who was the reason why I went to the show , had been replaced by another actor , who could n't sing half as well as Brook .
On your tickets information is written that discounts are available , when I asked at the ticket office I could n't get any discount for being a student .
To conclude , the evening in your theatre and the show was very disappointing and not like the one promised .
For these reasons I want to ask you for my money , £ 25 , back .
reasently
Miss. Winkler
What is the prize ?
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
He did n't want to say what Sarah had just told him , it just came out of his mouth , when he talked to James .
" Sarah has won in a quiz show ? " James was more than just interested , he wanted to know what she had won .
But Pat made a promise not to tell anybody about the quiz show and he had already told enough .
After one hour the whole class had heard about Sarah 's secret .
Everybody was interested in what she had won but nobody wanted to ask Sarah because it was told as a secret to them .
Sarah realized that everybody was nice and friendly to her but something was going on in the class , when she turned around talking and whispering started .
Suddenly , she went to Pat and asked him , " Did you tell anybody about our secret ? "
Pat told her everything .
Sarah looked at him for a while , then she stood in front of the class and explained to the others that she had won a prize for 20 people to travel for 1 week to the coast of southern France and every one of the 19 pupils was invited , except Pat who was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Manager of the Circle Theatre
17th June 2000
Dear Sir ,
I am writing this letter referring to the show " over the Rainbow " you put on on the 10 of this month .
I read your advertisement five days before , and I was really impressed by it .
But , the quality of this show was n't what you led me to believe it would be , and I feel really disappointed by it .
I want to give you some details about my feelings .
First of all , you advertised a cast including Danny Brook , but he was n't there !
Secondly , the show should start at 19.30 , and in fact it started 45 minutes late .
Then , I am a student , and when I bought my ticket , there were n't any discounts .
Finally , I had hoped that I could have dinner in the restaurant after the show , but , to make me totally disappointed , it was closed , and I had to find another restaurant at 22.00 .
So you can imagine how satisfied I am by your claiming it would be a " Perfect Evening " .
For all these reasons , and if you want to keep me as a customer , I would be grateful if you gave me some or all of my money back .
Looking forward to hearing from you ,
Yours sincerely ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
My marks were n't good enough to obtain my degree in Computer Science , and the exam session was finished .
There was no way to obtain the diploma .
You need more explanations from me to understand my motivation at the end of this story .
In fact , I did this kind of study because of my interests in programming .
The problem is that I ca n't keep calm during an exam .
That 's why I decided to hack into the teacher 's computers to change all my marks .
I never talked about this project to anyone , except my best friend Pat .
At the end of the exam session , all students and teachers meet together for a big party , to celebrate .
During this party , Pat drank too much .
And when he was totally drunk , he started speaking .
Then , the teachers made copies of their files , and my project was n't possible anymore .
So congratulations everybody .
And I think I will still be here next year .
Dear Mr Robertson ,
Many thanks for the programme you have organised .
It is really interesting and diverse at the same time .
There is just one thing I want to tell you : Janine and Richey have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure show and we all would like to go to the show .
It is in the Central Exhibition Hall , near the hotel , and it is all about fashion : the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make - up and hairstyles .
I think it could be very interesting and it is free for students ( which is really good ) .
It is a great opportunity because this show is only every two years and normally it is difficult to go in .
And , as you know we all are interested in fashion .
In my opinion , I would suggest going to the show instead of the National Art Gallery because we could go there another time .
Or going to the show on Wednesday morning and in the afternoon , we can choose between free time or the National Art Gallery .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
I went out of the room , ran as far as I could and started thinking about what this man was doing here and who he was .
