Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in order to express my disappointment about your musical show " Over the Rainbow " .
I saws the show 's advertisement hanging up of a wall in London where I was spending my holiday with some friends . I convinced them to go there with me because I had heard good references about your Company and , above all , about the main star , Danny Brook .
The problems started in the box office , where we asked for the discounts you announced in the advertisement , and the man who was selling the tickets said that they did n't exist .
Moreover , the show was delayed forty - five minutes and the worst of all was that Danny Brook had been replaced by another actor .
On the other hand , the theatre restaurant was closed because unknown reasons .
You promised a perfect evening but it became a big disastrous !
I would like some kind of explanation and receive my money back .
If you do n't agree , I will act consequently .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Last Wednesday Carole received a letter .
The stamp was from a foreign country and the address was written in Capital Letters .
She did n't recognize the writing .
She began to read " Dear Carolin ..
There was only a person who used to call her by this name .
It brought a lot of memories back to her .
It was long time ago , when she was fourteen and Paul sixteen .
He was her first love and also the first who kissed her .
Paul had to move to Mexico because of his father 's work .
When they were saying goodbye Paul " I will be the last person who will kiss you " . " It sounds nice but I do n't believe it " she replied .
" You only have to wait " he said .
But she did n't wait .
She got married and had two children .
At this moment Carole was living with her husband but they did n't love each other any more .
Their love had finished .
In his letter Paul said that he had become a rich man and he would come back to meet her again .
Her friend Pat had explained the whole story at her husband .
What she would do ?
10 June 2000
Dear Manager ,
I would like to complain about your theatre and the musical show that I saw last week .
I went to London for a holiday last week and read the advertisement about ' Over the rainbow ' in the hotel which I stayed .
I saw Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were written on the advertisement paper and was very excited .
However , Danny Brook did not appear on the stage until the end of musical showing time .
I was really disappointed about it .
Secondly , starting time was 19:30 but it started 20:15 so I was waited for 45 minutes .
It was so long time to wait in the theatre .
Thirdly , it mentioned about discounts .
Despite of the fact that I am a student , I could not get any discounts .
I also visited your restaurant after the show but already closed because the show finished late .
Because of the reason above , I , indeed , spent awful last night in London .
I would like you to refund , otherwise , I will take an action .
I look forward to receiving reply to my enquiry .
Sincerely
Fashion of the future
People will wear this kind of clothes 100 years later from now .
If weather is hot then we do n't have to wear under wear because very thin and light clothes will support our bodies .
There will be two functions for summer clothes that we do n't need to wear clothes like layer and layer .
For example , T - shirts for women are included bra : easy to take it out when you wash it , is very simple and comfortable .
What about short pants ?
You do n't have to wear knickers .
We can just put some thin pads in there .
We ca n't feel it and easy to remove and just can wash it .
Simplest is the best in summer !
When it 's very cold winter , we just wear light clothes what we want , in our style .
Because special warm and healthy material will be developed and use them inside thin clothes so we do n't need to put heavy clothes on our bodies .
We can show our body line in winter as well .
Most important thing is that we do n't have to kill the animals only for people 's cruel aims .
Functions ' clothes are the way to love animals !
DECEMBER 12TH
PRINCIPAL MR .
ROBERTSON
DEAR SIR ,
I WANT TO THAK YOU FOR PREPARING SUCH A GOOD PROGRAMME FOR US AND ESPECIALLY FOR TAKING US TO THE RIVER TRIP TO GREENWICH .
I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW IF THERE IS ANY CHANCE OF CHANGING THE PROGRAMME BECAUSE WE HAVE FOUND A VERY INTERESTING ACTIVITY TO DO ON TUESDAY 14 MARCH . IT CONSISTS ON VISITING THE LONDON FASHION AND LEISURE SHOW IN THE CENTRAL EXHIBITION HALL .
I THINK IT 'S A GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE GREATER USE OF OUR KNOWLEDGE OF ENGLISH LANGUAGE .
ON THE OTHER HAND , WE COULD LEARN THE DIFFERENT WAYS TO GET TO THE CENTRAL EXHIBITION HALL .
I SUGGEST THAT WE SHOULD GO TO THE NATIONAL ART GALLERY IN THE MORNING AND INSTEAD OF HAVING THE AFTERNOON FREE WE COULD GO TO THE FASHION AND LEISURE SHOW .
I WILL BE WRITING ANXIOUSLY FOR YOUR RESPONSE .
YOURS FAITHFULLY
( FAMOUS PEOPLE , SUCH AS POLITICIANS AND FILM STARS , DESERVE TO HAVE A PRIVATE LIFE WITHOUT JOURNALISTS FOLLOWING THEM ALL THE TIME )
FAMOUS PEOPLE SUCH AS SINGERS , FILM STARS , ETC ARE ALWAYS THE CENTRE OF ATTENTION .
AS SOME OF THEM ARE CONSIDERED IDOLS , THEIR FANS WANT TO KNOW HOW THEY ACT IN THEIR PRIVATE LIVES , WITH THEIR FAMILY OR FRIENDS .
AS A RESPONSE TO THIS DEMAND OF INFORMATION , JOURNALISTS FOLLOW FAMOUS PEOPLE DAY AND NIGHT IN MANY DIFFERENT WAYS , FOR EXAMPLE , CHASING THEIR CARS , TAKING PHOTOGRAPHS OR BREAKING INTO THEIR HOUSES WHILE THEY ARE ON HOLIDAYS .
THIS SITUATION AFFECTS FAMOUS PERSONAL LIVES BECAUSE THEY ARE NOT ALLOWED TO HAVE PRIVACY
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IS THAT , ALTHOUGH THEY ARE FAMOUS , THEY ARE JUST NORMAL PEOPLE THAT DESERVE TO HAVE A PRIVATE LIFE WITHOUT JOURNALISTS AND FANS FOLLOWING THEM ALL THE TIME , AND ON THE OTHER HAND PEOPLE HAVE TO LEARN TO RESPECT THE FAMOUS RIGHT TO KEEP THEIR PERSONAL LIVES IN SECRET .
IN MY OPINION FAMOUS PEOPLE ARE BEING OBLIGED TO PAY A PRICE FOR BEING FAMOUS THAT IN SOME CASS , COSTS MORE THAN THEY DESERVE TO PAY .
To Mr. Robertson
I am writing to tell you something about the three - day trip to London .
I have seen your programme for the trip and I think it is going to be a great trip .
Thank you very much for organising this trip and putting all your spare time and effort into it .
Personally , I enjoy looking and learning about new inventions and all the science .
That is why I think the trip to the science museum is a good idea .
However , my class and I have seen an advertisement about a fashion and leisure show . We are attracted to this show and would like to go .
Unfortunately , it is on 14th March , which is the day we will be visiting the science museum .
This show is on the 14th March .
It is in the Central Exhibition Hall and will start and ten o'clock and finish at five o'clock in the evening .
Apparently , this show is free to all students , which means if we went , the cost of the trip will be cut down .
I think it is a great opportunity because it is based on fashion .
We like to keep up with the rage but I think it will help those who want to become a fashion designer later on .
I have a suggestion on how the programme could be changed .
The shopping time could be after the show and the free time exchanged for the science museum .
If we go to the show , we can do without the free time .
Please give this your careful consideration ..
Yours sincerely ,
In a country like the UK , we are all bound to have houses .
We either own it , or we simply borrow it from other people . We take our homes for granted .
Think about the people in the poor countries !
They struggle to survive .
However , as we approach the future , our homes will start to change .
Have you ever thought about how the changes will affect our lives ?
I doubt it .
There will be lots of differences in our homes of the future from our homes now , but there may also be a lot of similarities .
For one , the future homes might not be built out of bricks at all !
It may be built out of a stronger substance or a more attractive one , such as glass .
Non - breakable glass .
Also , due to global warming , sea levels might rise and risk of flooding will also rise .
Therefore , houses will be built on high supports .
All domestic appliances such as showers , kettles , lights , TV and curtains may be voice activated .
Incredibly high security will prevent robbery .
The future homes will also have many similarities , such as having a separate bathroom , and not having one in a bedroom , or having two floors or having garages .
It has been a pleasure sharing my thoughts with you .
What do you think will happen in the future ?
Dear Mrs. Jane Clark ,
Recently I was at the annual international arts festival , that you organized .
I 'm writing this letter to thank you for giving a possibility to know more about modern art .
I think , it is a wonderful idea to organize such festivals each year , because it is very interesting to learn some news about life in other countries .
Unfortunately , only six countries were represented this year at the festival , but I hope that soon there would be much more of them .
I extremely liked all concerts , shows , exhibitions , but why there were n't any photograph exhibitions ?
I think , you should make some next year .
Then , I want to mark , that concert halls were too small , that is why they were overcrowded during some concerts .
Then , I want to say , that plays and films were exellent , but it was n't enough of them for me .
May be you should make more next year ?
And at the end , my opinion is that one weekend ticket for all events is a great idea , because you do n't have to stay in queues to buy a ticket for a show , you want to go to .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Lucia ,
I was very pleased to receive your letter .
You asked , if there are some school rules in my country .
As you know , I 'm studying at the private Academy , so the rules in my institute are different from the rules in state institutes . I 'll give you an example .
In our Acadamy we are not allowed to smoke .
The fine for smoking on the Academy is territory is 100 dollars .
So nobody smokes there .
I do n't smoke , so I do n't care about this rule .
But some of my friends really would like to change it .
You also wanted to know about what I 'm allowed or not allowed to do at home .
Well , I have rather modern parents , so they do n't prohibit me to go to the discoes or somewhere with my friends .
The only rule for me at home is to walk out with my dog three times a day .
I hope it was interesting for you to know about the rules in my life .
Look forward to hearing from you ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I was to Circle Theatre to watch ' Over the rainbow ' musical show , recently .
I was trully dissapointed by it .
My expectations were high after I 've read your leaflet in which it was advertised as ' London 's newest and best musical show ' .
Now , I can assure you it was n't .
Firstly , it was Danny Brook who was supposed to star .
The substitute was far worse .
Secondly , I had to wait fourty - five minutes before the show finally began .
Another unkept promise are the discounts .
There were n't any !
Lastly , when I got hungry after the delay it appeared that the theatre restaurant is closed . You can believe me it was n't ' my perfect evening out ' and I have no other choice than asking to give my money back .
I paid for something I did n't get so it is obvious that I want my money back .
I got the £ 15 ticket .
I 'd like you to send the money to this adress ; ul Taklowa 10
Skoclow 43 - 430
POLAND
Yours sincerely ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
After two days the whole school knew .
When Paul entered the school gate , other children began to tease him and laugh .
Paul could n't stand it .
He ran out quickly , leaving everyone behind .
He felt very ashamed and did n't know what to do .
Normally , he would go and talk to Pat but Pat betrayed him .
They were no longer friends . '
How could he , ' Paul thought ' Now the whole school knows Jean attracts me ' .
As he was sitting there , he heard someone walking towards him .
He turned around and saw ... Jean . '
What are you dong here , why are n't you at school ? '
she asked .
Paul was like paralyzed .
He could n't reply . '
I had heard what you 've said about me ' , she said , I think it 's sweet ' .
Paul could n't believe his ears .
While he was thinking how to reply , Jean took his hand and led him to the school .
When they entered everyone became silent .
All the children were staring at them and Paul thought that Pat is n't that bad at all .
Cambridge 13.06.00
Dear Helen Ryan
Competition Organiser
I am glad to know about the news that I have received .
It is a dream becames true and was really unexpected for me !
I would like to travel on July because of it is more suitable for me .
I think I will really enjoy if I could stay in tents it is going to be a new experience and looks exciting .
About the activities while at the Camp I would like to enjoy swimming , not because I am good in it , just because I keen on and the other one is Photography .
As I never did this in whole my life could you tell me if we have to do our own meals or I can find everything ready to eat there ?
If no , what do you sugest ?
The same question for clothes and money .
How much I have to get in my pocket ?
I hope has had your questions out of your mind .
Yours sincerely
Cambridge 13.06.00
Dear friend
Kim
Last month , I enjoyed to help at a pop concert in Portugal .
Everything were new for me .
I had to ( lyd ) tidy up the place where they have to wait until their turn .
The group asked me make sure that in the fridge they always could find a big variety of drinks including honey and lemon for throat .
Other thing I had to do is keep an eye in the towels , I mean , dried towels because as you know that country is too hot , especially for my liking , as they have to change the clothes and looks fresh ; do n't ask me why .
The pop concert happened in a big stadium called " Mararcanã " .
I just did not enjoyed when they were making the instruments work for the big day .
But what I particularly liked was see and ask autographs from the rest of the others groups .
Do n't be jealous , I will make a copy for you , OK ?
Love
Dear Ms Jane Clark .
I am writing to you with regard to the International Art Festival that was held recently .
The festival was excenent in many ways , and especially it being an international festival was a challenging , but brilliant idea .
I assume that this fact attracted people very much .
In addition to that , organising one weekend with special price tickets was particularly good .
I personally think that it helped many people who were not able to afford the tickets with proper price to come to the festival .
Moreover , most of the events I went to were fantastic .
However , I still have some comments to make to improve the festival next year .
The festival was supposed to be an international one , but the artists and stars participated in it were from six countries only .
Thus , I recommend that stars and artists of various nationalities should be invited .
Also , some of the concert halls where the musicians performed were not big enough for the vast number of audiences .
I think it would be much better to use bigger concert halls .
Furthermore , I found that there were not many genres of neither the films nor the plays .
So I suggest you have various kinds , and more numbers of plays and films next year .
I hope that next year 's festival will be much more successful that this year 's one .
Yours sincerely ,
The Old Man and the Sea
People all have different opinions about books .
Some prefer realistic stories whereas others do unusual ones .
But I prefer realistic stories such as Ernest Hemingway 's " The Old Man and the Sea ' .
Above all , realistic stories teach me something of the life , or at least influence me .
As far as I 'm concerned , my behaviour and attitudes towards a difficult situation began to change after reading this book .
Here , the fishman is very old , but he is still challenging to everything he faces .
When he caught a shark which was bigger than the ship , he never gave up taking it back to his village , even when sharks were around him .
Real stories have huge impacts on me , and affect me a lot , often in good ways .
In addition to that , realistic stories are more attractive , I personally do n't want to hear stories about very peculiar incidents as I know they can not be true .
But , while reading realistic stories , I just fall deep into the story , into the writer 's own world .
Ernest Hemingway 's sentences are precise , but still very powerful and alive .
So when I read other sharks eating the shark the old man had caught , I got very angry and annoyed .
Realistic stories thus , develop our imagination and creativity , which are essential in our lives .
We all learn from reading books , but realistic stories have more influence on me and develop my personality .
That 's why I prefer realistic stories to unusual ones .
17th June 2000
Dear Sir ,
I would like to complain about a musical show .
I was very disappointing a week holiday for me because I had got a lot of problem with the show .
I had seen the advertisement that the actors were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove , but it was not Danny Brook .
I was really disappointing because he is my famous actor .
The musical should started at 19.30 , but it started at 20.15 .
When I went to asked for the discount of ticket in the cashier desk they told me no discount available for this .
I had seen the advertisement say that discount available .
After the show I decide to had dinner in your theatre restaurant , but I could n't because it closed .
It closed at 10 pm but the show finished at 10.30 pm .
This was not perfect evening for me , so if you do n't give my money back , I will tell to the newspaper about it .
I am looking forward to hear a good new .
Yours sincerely ,
Boo Sersuwan .
I think in the next 100 years people will wear the space clothes with small engine in the back . because of the atmosphere .
The atmosphere in the earth now starting badly every years .
The carbon dioxide are growing very fast and people cut more trees , therefore not enough trees to such carbon dioxide and produce oxygen .
The designer will have a lot of idea for how to make very nice and useful clothes .
I think if we wear this clothes we will travel to every where easier than we use cars , ships , planes and space ships .
This mean the engineering will find the way to useless petrol for it , so it must useful in the future .
I think somebody will make a very big area to grow plant because they can sell the oxygen .
This is a new business .
I think I can win this price , because this clothe will produce in the future soon .
17/06/00
mr . MANAGER
MY NAME JAMES CAMIREZ AND I'AM WRITING THIS LETTER TO YOU BECAUSE I HAVE SOME COMPLEINTS FOR THE DISAPPOINTING EVENING I HAD LAST NIGHT .
FIRST OF ALL ON THE ADVERTISEMENT FOR THE SHOW IT SAYS THAT THE ACTOR WAS GOING TO BE DANNY BROOK AND INSTEAD OF HIM WAS A TOTALLY UNKNOWN CLOWN THAT HAD NO IDEA OF HOW TO ACT , IT WAS HORRIBLY DISAPPOINTING !
SECOND I GOT TO THE THEATRE AT 19.20 BECAUSE IN THE ADVERTISEMENT IT CLEARLY APPEARS THAT THE SHOW STARTS AT 19.30 , AND I GOT HEAVILY MAD WHEN I LOOK MY WATCH AND NOTICE THAT I HAD BEEN WAITING FOR 40 ( FORTY ) MINUTES AND THE SHOW DIDN'T START YET ... I MEAN I WAS AMAIZING !
THEN I READ ON THE ADVERTISEMENT , DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE , AND I DIDN'T GOT ANY DISCOUNTS WHEN I ASKED FOR THEM .
AFTER THE SHOW I GOT OUT THE SHOW ROOM DEEPLY DISAPPOINTED AND WENT TO THE RESTAURANT TO DRINK SOMETHING TO RELAX , AND DO YOU KNOW WHAT ?
.. IT WAS CLOSED !
I COULDN'T BELIVE IT HOW THIS CLASS OF THEATRE CAN BE SO ..
OH I'M GETING MAD AGAIN SO I'AM GOING TO TELL YOU THE LAST THING , IT WAS THE HORRIBLE NIGHT I HAD EVER GOT SO I DEMEND FOR MY MONEY BACK !
I THINK THAT MODERN TECHNOLOGY HAS AFFECTED ALL THE HUMAN BEINGS .
MODERN TECHNOLOGY HAS AFFECT ME IN SEVERAL WAYS , I MEAN THE MORE THE TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZES ; MORE CONFORTNESSCOMFORTABLE WE GET .
NOW WITH MODERN MACHINES I CAN MAKE A BETTER USE OF MY TIME , IF I'AM LATE TO GO TO TRAINING AND I HADN'T IT YET I JUST TAKE MY FOOD AND PUT IT IN THE MICROWAVEOVEN .
ANOTHER EXAMPLE IS THE COMPUTERS , I THINK THEY ARE ONE OF THE MOST ADVANCED MACHINE IN THE WORLD , YOU CAN LIVE YOUR ENTIRE LIFE IN A HOUSE WITHOUT GOING OUT , BY JUST USING THE INTERNET , IT HAS ALSO HELPED ME IN MY SCHOOL HOMEWORK , I MEAN IT 'S INCREDIBLE THE TIME YOU WAIST BY MAKING THING WITHOUT A COMPUTER .
BUT I THINK ALSO THAT WITH MODERN TECHNOLOGY WE GET MORE COMFORTABLE SO THAT MAKES ME A PACIVE PERSON AND NOT SO ACTIVE ,
THIS CAN BE BAD TO BECAUSE IF I GET USED TO BE CONFORTABLE WHEN I NEED TO DO HARD WORKS I WON'T BE ABLE TO DO THEM .
1th , June , 2000
Dear Ms Ryan ,
I am writing to reply your letter and I am so glad to win the prize .
Thank you very much !
In answer your questions : I would like to travel in July .
I am a full - time student , my summer holidays begin at the end of June and I have planned to work on my grandfather 's farm in August .
So July is the only time I will be free .
Secondly , I would prefer tents to log cabins .
Camping is my enthusiasm and I sleep in tents every time I go camping .
Therefore , I am afraid I ca n't get used to log cabins easily .
Besides camping , I also like painting .
My Dad is an amateur painter , and I have begun painting for 8 years .
I 'm good at portraits and landscapes .
I would also like to play golf during my holiday , but I have never played it before , will I get any tuition ?
Finally , I should like to ask some questions .
How is the weather like in California in July ?
What kind of clothes should I pack ?
If I want to buy some gifts , how much money should I take and can I use traveller 's cheques in every place ?
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Our lives are getting better and better , so people began to go shopping more frequently .
It 's always a great job to go home with bags of purchases , but is it doing us good apart from the temporary satisfaction ?
Everyone likes sale , but those so - called sale items are not really of value .
In fashion industry , sale begins at the end of each season and just lasts a short time , because those owners want to make room for new stock .
But you 'll find your ' cool bargain ' soon get out of date and you have to keep buying new ones .
Also supermarket owners have put in a vast amount of money to find out the best way to place goods in order to get the most profit .
Therefore , we become impulsive buyers easily under these tricks .
The result , we feel guilty after spending more than we 've estimated , or even suffer from financial difficulty .
Shopping does not just effect us mentally , but also physically .
It 's not hard to realise how exhausted we are after a day of shopping .
Think of the awful crowds , the busy car parks , polluted air in the city centres and mile - long queues in front of the cash desks .
I do n't think anyone would really like to face them .
But once you get there , they 're just inevitable , are n't they ?
Well , now before you go shopping , think again and you 'll find out it wo n't be always enjoyable .
Dear Manager ,
I 'm a person , went to see the musical show , I would like to know something about " Over the rainbow " programme ?
You have informed the actor , times , discount and the restaurant to people , but actually what did you do ?
The first , you have changed the actor .
The second , the time is late from 19.30 , it started 20.15 .
The third , the tickets have not the discount .
The last , after show , I could n't go to the restaurant , because it was closed .
What 's happened ?
This is the good theatre do , or not ?
This is the famous theatre .
You know , What did people feel ?
Everybody attented go to the show , funny , and happ in the end , and what have we go then ?
Disapponted !
Thank about that .
If you can not managed the programe , why did you informe people before programe start ?
I tought you inderstood ' ; please send money back to me , you know why , do n't answer me ?
Thank you ,
Now we know , our world have developed to new world , becase we have high technology to do .
If we came back to the past , we felt everything , it was so difficult to do , we would have plane and done by ourself and last time .
In the present , the teachnology is a past of life .
It started from got up in the morning , we have the machine help us to cook , iron , cleanning , washing , and then we went out to work , there are car , sky train to travel for help us convenience and quickly .
While we worked at the office , there are the computer and equipment for help to work and easy , after we have finished work , we come back home , there are television for get information , news , data by different way and quickly .
How has modern technology changed your daily life ?
We appreciated the mordern technology changed my daily life for help every easy and quickly , we have time to do many things .
Dear Mr Robertson ,
Regarding the programme you have organised , it is great ideas everything that you have planed , but I would like to suggest to you something that the students saw in an advertisement .
It is good start to go on sightseeing by bus on Monday morning , we can se all famous buildings in a few hours .
It 's seems relaxing to go to Greenwich in the afternoon looking though the river .
The idea about going to science museum is fantastic , I read about the museum , it is really interesting in science history .
After all morning in the Museum , it is wonderful and on tuesday doing some shops , whereas the student have another idea for tuesday .
On Wednesday after viseted national Art Gallery , we can have a chat about ours next holiday at the free time in the afternoon .
The advertisement that students saw is about a fashion show , but to go to the show you will need cancel the tour on tuesday and add the show , because the show is from 10.00 to 19.00 .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Freedom !
Nowadays the main attroction in the newspapers and television is private life of famous people .
It is really interesting how people like knowing famous people life .
Without someone famous know , photographs take pictures secretly , try to get money on it .
Sometimes being famous can get stress , everywhere they go there are people around them , especially journalists , trying to ask millions questions .
Famous people deserve to have freedom to do whatever they want , but it is quite difficult to do thing in a public places , because nobody like famous politicians or film stars without asking questions .
On the whole , to be rich and famous do n't always bring happeness , whereas the majority of the population wish they were rich and famous .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing to complain about the musical show " Over the rainbow " which was performed in your theatre two weeks ago .
I went to see it on 5th June 2000 .
First of all that evening there was not Danny Brook but an unknown and not very good actor .
Secondly the show started 45 minutes late .
Then at the tickets - office I was said that no discounts were available so I had to pay the full prize despite I am a student .
Finally I would have had dinner at the theatre restaurant if it had not been already closed because the show finished , obviously , late .
I am really not satisfied with the show - organization particularly because in the advertisement you wrote something different .
For this reason I expect to receive my money back .
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately , Pat was n't good at keeping secret .
Last week we had another demostration of this .
On Monday we decided to organize a surprise - party for Ted 's birthday on Tuesday evening .
Each of us had a different task .
Anna prepared the cake , Peter organized the music , Heather and I went to buy the present ; Pat said : " OK I 'll phone to some of Ted 's friends to invite them " .
Obviously Ted should have known nothing about it and we remembered it to Pat twice : " the party is a secret ! ! " and she said : " Yes , it must be a surprise ! "
On Tuesday afternoon we met to prepare the last details ; Pat said : " I 've just phoned to Tommy , Billy and Alison and I met Ted yesterday evening : they all have said ok for the party .. "
In that moment she understood that something was wrong !
Dear Mr Robertson ,
Thank you for organising good programme , especially like sightseeing from River trip to Greenwich in London for three days .
I am writing on behalf of my classmates to give the information of ' The London Fashion And Leisure Show ' which we would like to go and to huggest our opinion .
We have seen an advertisement of last Saturday ' The Times ' edition of the show .
It will be held in Central Exhibition Hall , London or Tuesday March 14 from 10.00 to 19.00 .
Firstly , it will introduce latest fashions connecting Millenium .
Secondly , we will be able to see leisure and sports wear about fashion trend of next year .
It would be fantastic opportunity to the students who study a fashion .
Finally , we can see how to make up and make better hairstyle in the show .
Most of all , It is free for students to enter .
We would like to know if it is possible to change your programme .
We would be grateful if we could go there in the afternoon on 14 March because we are able to go shopping .
We look forward to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerely ,
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Whenever I recollet it , I feel self - confident .
When I was twenty years old , I had to go to Army .
As you know , my country has been separated into two countries ( South and North Korea ) .
However , instead of going to Army , I was able to apply to Korea Auxiliary Police .
One year later , I was working in Kang - nam police station in Seoul .
Suddenly , the theft signal came into .
So , another policeman and I had to arrive at the accident place quickly .
When we arrived at the place which it happened , one man started running away .
Without any thought , I ran quickly like a swallow .
Then , he tried to go over the wall , I held his leg .
He fell down and we had to stare at each other .
After we fought for a minute , I was able to arrest him .
As a result , I could go on vacation .
When I said to my mother , she asked me not to do it again .
But , I was a police - man .
Therefore , I had to do it in spite of it being dangerous .
Dear Competition Organiser ,
I am writing to replay your letter and to ask more details about the competition .
Firstly , I would like to say that I 'm very glad to have been choosen and I will do my best for this competition .
As you asked in the letter , I would like to travel only on july because I work at the central library and I 'm also having English classes , so I will just have holidays on July .
Is it suitable for you ?
As you mentioned about the accomodation , I would prefer stay in the tents , because it 's more exciting and I really love camping .
I examined all the activities that you listed and I was disappointed to have to chose just two of them because in my opinion I 'm good in almost of this activities .
However , I would choose sailing because I am facinating with the sea and it 's misteries and I also like the watter , the wind in my face ...
The other one I would choose is basketball becouse I 'm tall and very fast with the ball .
Finally I would like to know what kind of clothes are we supposed to wear there , and about the money we are supposed to pay for food and things like that .
I 'm looking forward to receiving your prompt replay .
sincerely
Clara
Dear Kim ,
I am writing to tell you some news and to ask a little bit about you .
First of all , I 'm going to tell the good news .
Last month , I went to a pop concert with four bands .
It was unbelivebly ! ! !
Although it was 5.000 thousand people there , people could walk and dance without any problem .
It was very well organised , the shows started in the exactly time and the group were well performed too .
I have contributed to the concert selling some tickets to my friends .
However the success of the concert , at the end of show some full gays started a big confusion and some people get hurt .
It was depressing ...
Finally , I would like to know some news about you , What have you done ?
Be you studing a lot ?
Please write me a letter as soon as possible !
Love from
Clara .
Dear Helen Ryan ;
I have just received your letter which is made me so hapy . I can not belive that I won first prize in your competition , because I always belived I am an unluky man and now I think somethings are changing in my life .
I would like to come in July , because I am studying English and we have one month break at July , so please make my log cabin ready by july .
I prefer stay in cabin because I have some experience with tents from my childhood and it was not very good experience therefore I would like to stay in cabin .
You saying in your letter I could do two activities from the list which is show many exciting activities .
I will definitly chose Basketball and Swimming wich are the my dream sport .
I used to be play in school team when I was in high school and our team was the one of the best Basketball team in all county and I also very good at swim .
I would like to ask a few things , specialy wheather : how is the weather in July in the U.S.A. What kind of clothes I will need and how much money I should take with me , Because I have never been U.S.A. before and I do n't know anything
I am looking forward to your reply letter .
Your sincerely
I have never enjoyed doing shopping , but nowday some people are calling shopcholic .
They are just like alcholics and this people are every day doing shopping because they can not stop themself unless they have not got money for spend .
I can not believe how they doing this things every day , even when I need something at home I alway try to find out something to use instead of that things .
Because nowdays whereever you go there is big queue and I hate being waited .
The queue is not only the problem if you go by car there is parking problem , if you go by bus there is again queue and you have to carry many carry bag carrier bags during the your journey and you wo n't be alway luky to find a seat to seat .
If you go shopping for ( buy ) clothes that is the worse kind of shopping .
Specialy if you want to buy with your girlfriend or if you are already girl you have to be read for hours to spend try on and off .
I realy hate go shopping with girls to buy clothes because when they went into a shop they want try on every single cloth and they do not realise to time .
Some people says " shopping is not alway enjoyable " but for me definity unenjoyable and I think it will be same rest of my life .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing with reference to the musical show I saw last week in your theatre .
I hoped that it would be the most excited evening during my week 's holiday in London .
Unfortunately it was n't .
I would n't like to be unkind but I must say that the advertisement for the show included a lot of false information .
First of all , when I had bought the ticets it appeared that there is no discount available .
Secondly , I must complain that the musical show started almost an hour later and in addition to this anyone did n't excuse .
Moreover I would like to ask why Danny Brook , which is my favourite actor , did n't play in the show .
Furthermore I would like to enquire why the theatre restaurant was closed .
Finally , I must say that I had a very disappointing evening and I would like to get my money back .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Your faithfully
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
I wish I had know it two days ago ... Exacly on 15th June we were at the birthday party .
Dora wanted me to come with Pat because she was in love with him .
I really like Dora and Pat and I just wanted to help them to be together , but it was n't such a good idea .
I thought that if I said something specific about her he would look at her in a different way .
Well , I forgot that it 's just a boy !
I should n't have told him that she was a virgin .
It was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was stearing at us .
Yesterday I discovered that he told everything to Marl and Tony .
I really regret that I was so foolish .
The most horrible is the fact that my friendship with Dora seems to be on the rocks and I do n't know what I have to do to overcome the difficulties .
Mr. Manager :
I am writing this letter to you because when I went to your Musical show I had a very bad time .
Firstly when I went to the show it was writing that the starting time was 19.30 but it started at quarter past eight I had waitted for fourthey five minutes .
Secondly the stars were going to be DANNY BROOK and TINA TRUELOVE but different people came to the show .
It was the first time I was going to go to a musical show but I guess it will be the last one too .
Anyway after the show I felt hungry so I went to the restaurant but it was closed because they were having the inside altered .
And as last that was the worse night I had ever had so I asked for my money back but they would n't give it so I had an argument with the people Who worked their but I could n't get my money back .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Because last year I started smoking and nobody knew that I was smoking but one day as I was smoking at the back of the school some one came next to me and I noticed that it was Pat .
She saw me as I was smoking so that was n't going to be very good .
She said that she would n't tell it to anyone but I knew she might say it to someone so I always was with her very minute ever second .
But one day as I was walking home like every night I saw Pat at the front of our house door talking to my dad .
I just knew I could n't have trusted to her but as I went in the house my dad offered pot to stay for meal I was in a schock thinking why is n't anyone getting angry to me after a while we sat for dinner and Pat just talk my parents that I was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry .
I could n't go out of the house for a month so now I know how Pat is and ca n't keep any secrets .
Dear Mister
I 'm writing to you to complain about the musical show you present at the moment : " Over the Rainbow " .
As my husband is a native and we live in Switzerland , we apreciate to pass a week in London every year .
We are keen on theatre and musical show .
Your theatre is known to present excellent spectacles .
We were never disappointed so far and especially enjoyed " The Drama " you presented last year .
Anyway we had a very disappointing evening .
At first , we could n't get any discount , although you mention it on your advertisment .
And the only tickets left were at £ 20 .
Then the spectacle began 45 minutes later than mentioned .
Last but not least , Danny Brook was replaced by a different actor , whose name I probably forgot because of his poor performance .
Afterwards we are used to eat at your restaurant which is not only well known for it 's good price value but also for it 's original decoration .
Therefore I ask you to give use £ 20 back , because the two tickets were not more worth .
I 'm looking forward to hearing soon from you .
yours faithfully
Unfortunately , Pat was n't really good at keeping secrets .
The following story will prove it .
I left the office at six o'clock .
I was free as the air .
My husband was following a course all the week in Berne .
The kids were by their grandmother , who take care of them .
I drove to Ouchy where I took a drink .
It was so hot , I decided to go for a swim in tutry , although I had n't any swimming - clothes .
I knew a good place .
I parked the car and went ten minuts .
As I had planed , the place was deserted .
I took my clothes of and swam twenty minutes in the lake .
Coming back , I noticed that my clothes were missing .
I walked back , hoping I would n't come accross anyone and be able to drive back home .
The car was missing too .
Unfortunately a police car drove by and the policeman saw me standing there nude .
They drove me to their office after having given me use of their shirt .
There I called Pat who picked me up .
I felt so miserable that Pat laughed seeing me .
Of course she told everything to my husband .
If only Pat could keep secrets !
Dear Jane Clark ,
I am writing to thank you for providing International Arts Festival .
It was absolutely great idea .
However , I would like to give some suggestions for next year as I have read the advertisement .
Firstly , could you invite stars and artists from more than only six contries ?
In my opinion , it might be better to have time with variety nationallites .
Secondly , the music concerts were very exciting and had a lot of fun , but some concert halls were too small to enjoy them comfortably .
Thirdly , I am expecting to watch more films and plays which were impressive .
Lastly , it could be nice to students who are interested in arts , if you help special events , for instance , song contest , writing competition or dance lessons .
To sum up , I hope the festival is developed next year with excellent reasonably - priced ticket like this year 's .
Yours sincerely ,
PART TIME JOBS : Find in your place
Do you need money ?
If you do , make sure why you want to earn money .
That is very important to find a way for earning and saving money .
Probably the best way you can get money is to have a part time job in your spare time .
I am recommending you to check your possible time to work - weekdays or weekend ? - before you request a job .
If you just decide to work , you 'd better to find a job in your place .
Firstly , go to your school or local council .
They will be able to help to find safe and suitable jobs for students like you .
Secondly , as your family or friends .
As they know about your interestings and personality , it is easy to help you .
In my case , I could get a telephone researcher part by my friend 's reference .
In conclusion , do n't forget that a job is just spent in your " spare " time .
That 's it !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to make a complaint about the show ' Over the Rainbow ' .
During my stay in London I went to your theatre to see this show .
As it is said in your advertisement , the show is starring Danny Brook but there was different actor .
It is not the only problem .
The show had to start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 .
You promised that there will be discounts , but when I came , I found out , that they were not available .
I wanted to go to your restaurant .
I invited a friend of mine and promised her that we will go there .
And what I found out .
Your restaurant was closed .
You promised that if we go to your show we will have a perfect evening .
Everything was just vice versa .
I am very disappointed , that is why I am asking you for compensation .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was not very good at keeping secrets .
It happened at the end of school year .
My class was going to a night disco and I wanted to go there too .
I asked my parents if I could go , but they did not let me do that .
I tried to persuade them , told that nothing will happen to me , promised to do all housework .
But all they have done is told me that I am to young for it and I can go there only when I am 20 years old .
I had such a desire to go to the disco , that I decided to go even without parent 's permission .
I told my secret to my best friend Pat .
But she told it to very kid in school , even the teachers heard it .
It occured that one of the teachers told my parents about it .
At the end I was punished and stayed at home for two weeks .
I understood that I must keep my secrets and do not tell anybody , even the best friend .
Dear Mrs. Jane X ,
I would like to make some appoitments about the event that I had been .
First of all , the concert hall is too small to have a great concert .
I think should be bigger for jazz , rock or still classical concerts .
Secondly , I had some ideas for the next year events , such as :
- Funny plays and films to spend the break time ;
- Dance shows after dinner to have something interesting to do in the night ,
- Art exbitions to know more things about artist 's lifestyle ; and
- talks by writers to say how good is his latest book .
In addictions , the ticket 's price is too expensive and difficult to buy another one every day , so , I think is more effective if was one reasonably - priced weekend ticket for all events .
In conclusion , I hope will be better next year if these points was observed for the each year the event to be better than before .
Sincerely
How are you ?
It was nice to receive notices about you .
I remember these time in our class when us talking many time about rules and I am missing that time so much .
Well , about rules in my contry , is not different than another countries .
The rules must be respect for all people if you do n't want get out from scholl .
You must to be organise , clean and respect the right of other people ..
Dear The Manager of the Circle Theatre ,
While I was staying in London for a holiday , I went to the Circle Theatre to see OVER THE RAINBOW in the evening .
That made me feel disappointed .
First of all , the actor was different from your advertisement .
I meant he was not Danny Brook .
Secondly , it took times to wait about forty five minutes , because it started at 20:15 .
It should be on time at 19:30 .
Then it had no discounts , which the advertisement said so .
Due to being a student , I think I should have got the discount from your ticket with ID card .
Besides this , the theatre restaurant was early closed .
As soon as the show ended , I went to there for having a dessert .
Lastly , I do n't think that it was my perfect evening .
I would like to get my money back .
I look forward to replying from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Griffin , who is a teacher , was n't surprised at our preparation .
It was so close to be on his birthday , so we made a decision to hold a small party for him .
She has just learnt with us for three weeks .
She is not talkative , kind , and reserved .
However , this party she took part in , she was responsible for preparing food .
As far as we knew , she 's good at cooking .
While she was choosing vegetables in a market , she came across him .
When he asked her ' why do you choose deliberately ? ' , she answered without thinking .
That caused the secret disclosed .
We did n't blame her , because we knew that she did n't intend to do like that .
Although he was n't surprised , he was glad and pleased with our party .
Anyway , Happy Birthday to Griffin , again .
Dear Jean Clark ,
I recently spent two days at your Annual International Arts Festival and I am writing to express my opinion about it .
Firstly , I think the International Arts Festival is a wonderful idea because I have the opportunity to enjoy different arts events .
But it is also true I could just see stars and artists on stage from only six countries , not stars from around the world as you announce in your advertisement .
Secondly I really enjoyed the jazz and classical concerts in spite of the fact that some of them were taken place in too small concert halls .
Thirdly , all the plays and films showed were interesting , In my opinion you should include some more films and plays in your festival next year .
Finally , I think it was a good idea the fact to buy only one ticket for all the events since I just spent the time watching and enjoying all of them .
I look forward hearing from you .
Your sincerely
Dear George ,
Sorry it 's been too long since I last wrote but I 've been so busy at school that I could n't answer you before .
As you tell me in your last letter you were talking about rules in your class and you want to know about school rules in my country and also what I am allowed to do at home .
First I must tell you that teachers are strict at school .
We are n't allowed to eat in the classrooms and in addition to this we must sit down in individual desks .
We ca n't chat with our classmates .
How boring !
At home everything is quite good , mum and dad are great but there 's one main rule I must tell them were I go and what time I 'll come back .
Granny is the problem she 's a bit bossy !
She usually tells me what to do and what kind of clothes I should wear but I do n't care about it .
I really must get down to some homework now so I 'll stop here .
Give my love to your parents .
Write to me soon
Dear Mr Robertson ,
I am writing to you as a representative of the class about the 3-day school trip which has been organized for next week .
First of all , I would like to thank you for the excellent organization of this trip which seems to be very interesting and useful for the students .
Especially I believe that the visit to the National Art Gallery will be a really exciting experience for all of us .
All the students are enthusiastic about it .
However , some of them have read an advertisment about the London Fashion and Leisure Show , which will take place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on 14th March .
The Exhibition will show all the latest fashion in a very wide range from sports wear to make up and even hairstyles .
What is more , the show is free for all the students .
We feel that taking part to it would be a great opportunity to us since we will be able to have some information about the world of fashion , which is becoming more and more important in our days .
Under the circumstances , I was asked by the class to inform you about the show and to ask if it could be possible to make some changes in the programme if it could to visit the Exhibition .
It will take place on Tuesday from 10.00am to 19.00pm , so we could give up the shopping and go to the show in the afternoon .
I hope you will consider this possibility and tell us as soon as possible if you intend to accept our proposal .
Yours faithfully
Being famous and risk is something all of us have dreamt of sometimes .
But not always famous people are happy of their condition .
Usually if you ask them what they would desire most , the answer is : " I would like to be able to live like ordinary people do "
There is no surprise to this answer : famous people can not have their own private life .
Whenever they go out they are suddenly " hounded " by groups of journalists and photographers who want an interview or a photo .
They can not even have a pizza with friend who stops them and asks them for an autograph .
But the worst thing of all is that they are often victim of malicious gossips , which most of the times are not even true .
In conclusion , I believe that it is certainly tight that famous people accept their condition , with all the advantages and disadvantages it brings , on the other hand , however , I think that they deserve to have a private life as all other people have .
Also the most famous star can be unhappy and depresed : not always , in fact , money and celebrity being happiness .
Dear Mr Robertson ,
Thank you for the programme which you have organised the three days in London .
However , some students in our class have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would like to have an opportunity to go to the show .
The show is opened between ten and seven p.m on Tuesday , March 14 at Central Exhibition Hall in London .
Latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles are expected to be displayed and studied .
We have concerned it as a great opportunity to touch a part of latest cultures , which are concentrated and sharpened in London .
In addition , the addmission for students is free .
Taking the programme and the show into consideration , we suggest that we can have time to go to the show in the afternoon on Tuesday .
We suppose that in free time on Wednesday we can find some time for shopping .
We hope that you consider our suggestion .
Yours sincerily ,
The ways of living are always changing .
It is no doubt that functions and structures of the home have been changing as well as that of transformation , for example , have been .
Thinking about the home of the future , first of all , nuclear families should be expected because of new technologies , which make house - keeping easier and simpler and because of the idea which encourages us to live in cities for convenient life .
People may tend to avoid from living in a large number of families in an expected small house in a city .
On the other hand , the bond between parents and children should be unlikly to change .
People always need their parents , children and so on .
The longer and further they live on their own , the more they may feel that they need a family .
New materials will surly change the home of the future in any ways .
It is just staff 's around us improving and turning into new one .
Hopefully , the minds of people will stay peaceful and tender in the future .
Dear Mrs. Ryan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I was very surprised that I have won the first prize in your competition .
First I would like to mention that I can only travel in July , because I will work in August in a web designer studio .
So I am unable to go on holiday to another time .
I would prefer to stay in a tent because I like camping very much .
I think it 's more exciting to be in a tent than in a log cabin .
I was very surprised that you offer such a great variety of sports and courses .
I would like to do Basketball and Painting .
I played Basketball at school for about two years .
I am rather good in it .
I also had Painting as main subject at school for five years .
I like painting very much , and I think I am good in Painting .
I paint a lot in my free time .
I prefer painting landscapes and fantasy - pictures .
I would like to ask you , how much money will we need ?
Which clothes should we take with us ?
I hope to hear from you soon .
Yours sincerely
First I would like to point out , that this was a good idea to present our school in a short film .
I think first of all we should film an english lesson , where pupils could prepare some group work or information - boards .
I think it is also important to present a comercial english lesson , maybe the pupils could write " offers and orders " or enquiries on the blackboard .
Next I would film a BWPM lesson .
This subject teachs the pupils how to make good presentations .
They go together in groups , then they prepare power point presentations and at least they present it in front of the other pupils and teachers .
It would be also very interesting to film the situation during the brake .
The smokers in the school yard , the buffett and the other pupils , who are sitting in front of their tables writing their homework .
I think then we should film an informatic - lesson .
It would be funny to present the computers , which are often overcharged , or often the netserver is spinning .
It 's really funny to see the helpless teacher , who wants to go on writing in excel or a word text , while the computers do not work or brake down .
I think that would be all for our video .
In my opinion this are the most interesting things in our school .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to complain about your entertainment which was advertised in the last edition of " Plays " .
I am afraid that reality had nothing common with the things I suspected to meet .
First of all , the prices were n't lower in any cases although you advertised the information like that .
Then , I expected the show to start on time , but it turned out that I had to wait 45 minutes .
Moreover , when the play started at last , I could n't look at the actors .
Especially I was disappointed by Danny Brook who made me nervous with his lack of talent .
According to your advertisement , there was a possibility to have dinner in your restaurant , but I was surprised when I found it closed .
After that , I should also mention , that this evening was dull , boring and the worst in my life .
I am looking forward to hearing from you and I insist that you refund my lost money at once .
Yours faithfully ,
Come back to paradise
There is no doubt that fashion affects people and makes them obsessed with this subject , but what can be designed more ?
Can you imagine the trend which will be as shocking as it has never been ?
The clothes is part of each culture and one of these things which expresses our taste and personality .
People spend a lot of money to buy something extraordinary , feel comfortable and stand out .
They come up with many ideas but it ca n't last for a long time .
Nowadays it 's getting obvious that designers sold only details , but significant changes do n't turn up .
Styles mix , colours and shapes come back from the past , only the fabrics are different .
People look for something new but it is not so easy to be creative all the time . Teenagers are bored with casual fashion and their parents laugh at them because of the fact they wear common clothes .
That 's why I believe in the solution which is the closest to human nature and can help us to omit the boredome I am sure that at last we will take off our clothes and in the future we will be undressed and free there wo n't be any problem with being up - do - date .
As it was previously stated I am convinced that the reality will turn out to be a paradise where the most important will be body and purity of our soul .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in connection with the musical show I saw in your theatre a week ago .
Although the show was supposed to be the London 's newest and best musical show , I am rather disappointed with it .
Firstly , I was really looking forward to seeing Danny Brook and Tina Truelove on the stage .
However , you changed actors without informing viewers .
As if this were not enough , the show was forty five minutes late .
Your leaflet was rather misleading on this subject .
According to your leaflet , tickets were supposed to be a bit cheaper , but I was refused being given a discount .
On top of everything , the theatre restaurant was closed .
You can imagine how disappointed I must be to spent such an imperfect evening .
I demand a full refund or I will be forced to take this mater further .
I look forward to receiving your prompt reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Recently , we have had a very interesting discussion about how science and technology affects our lives .
My life has also changed as a result of modern technology .
Thanks to computers , phones , mobile phones , internet I can communicate with other people faster than I was able to do before .
My father is a sailor and I meet him only four times a year .
But thanks to mobile phone I can contact him even if he is sailing in the Atlantic Ocean .
I also enjoy shopping through internet .
This way I do n't have to do be queuing in shops and supermarkets and I can choose fashionable clothes .
In the future I would love to be a doctor , especially a cardiologist .
Nowadays , modern technology is used in medicine more often and it can minimise the risk of the death of the patients .
However , I can see some disadvantages of technological progress .
First of all , I spend too much time indoors playing computer or watching TV . I know that if I want to keep fit and stay healthy , I must take up some sport .
Moreover , modern technology has made our environment more polluted .
That 's why we should abandon cars from city centres , closed down factories which produce too much sewage .
Although modern progress has made our life easier , it may be also harmful .
We should all be aware of these consequences of modern technology and use it considerably .
Dear Helen Ryan ,
I am writing to answer all the questions that you made me in your last letter .
First of all , I wanted to thank you for giving me the first prize in your competition .
It is very important for me , because I always wanted to travel to the U.S.A.
I would be able to travel only in July because it is the only month when I do n't have to go to school .
I would prefer to stay in a tent because as I had never slept in a tent , it would be a new experience for me .
The two activities that I choose are : basketball and climbing .
I am a very good basketball player because I have been playing basketball since I was six years old .
By the other side , I have never climbed a mountain but I always wanted to do it .
I wondered which kind of clothes I should take to the camp and I wanted to know how much money I should take .
I look forward to knowing the date of the camp .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Kim ,
Thank you for your last letter .
It was very interesting and I enjoyed reading it .
As you know , I enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month .
It was a very good experience and I am going to tell you all about it .
First of all , I had to sell tickets for the concert in the street .
As I sold all the tickets that the organisers gave me , I won a prize of ten pounds .
Do n't ask me how the concert was !
Because during the concert I was working in the kitchen of the stadium bar , preparing sandwiches .
I am angry because I could n't watch the artists performing their songs .
When the concert was finished , some friends and I went for a drink .
It was a very important experience for me because I learnt all about the organisation of a pop concert .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours ,
Dear Mr Robertson
My name is ... and I am a student representative .
I am writing to you on behalf of my class concerning our trip to London .
First of all I would like to thank you for organizing the programme .
I read it and found it very good , specially , Science Museum and National Art Gallery as I am interested in arts .
However , I have a great proposition for you .
Students in my class have recently seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show .
I thing it is a great opportunity for us , as it is at the time of our being in London and is free of charge for students .
Girls should like to see the latest fashion , new make - up and interesting hairstyles .
Boys are interested in seeing leisure and sportswear .
I would like to suggest a change in the programme by giving up shopping and going to the London Fashion and Leisure Show .
I hope you will consider this proposition and I am looking forward to hearing form you .
Yours sincerely
THE HOME OF THE FUTURE
Home is an important element in everybody 's life .
It gives you safety .
I do not know people who would not want to have a home .
We like our houses that is why are always trying to make it more comfortable and useful .
I think The Home of the Future will be bigger as we will need more room for us , our belongings and interests .
The construction will be more simple what will give us a feeling of balance .
More houses will have gardens what will make us feel closer to the nature .
Many people think that we will resign from a kitchen which is a useless place , as we will spend most of the time at work and will eat outside .
I do not think so .
Because of computers we will have the possibility of working at home , therefore , home will be very important place worth paying attention .
Take care of your home , do not hesitate in it and you will be very happy .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I went to the Circle Theatre to see the musical show " Over The Rainbow . "
Unfortunately , I had a very disappointing evening , because very little of what was offered in the advertisements was provided .
Firstly , we were informed that Danny Brook was starring but a different actor was starring in the show and he was really disappointing .
Secondly , in the advertisement it was written that the show was to start at 19:30 .
However , it started at 20:15 , almost an hour late .
Thirdly , it was written that discounts were available but we were again frustrated , seing they were not available .
Finally , although we were informed that the theatre restaurant would be open after the show , it was closed because the show had started late .
As you can see , most of the offered activities in the advertisements were not provided .
We did not have " a perfect evening " as it was written , actually we had an evening full of the theatre 's mistakes and were extremely disappointed .
I suppose it will be better for your theatre 's reputation to give at least some of my money back .
Yours Sincerely ,
MY LIFE AND MODERN TECHNOLOGY
Here we are , in the 21st century ... We live in a technologically well - developed world , having every opportunity for communication , education and entertainment .
Almost everyone has televisions , computers and electronic devices .
But how has modern technology changed our lives ?
If I were to talk about my own life , my speech would be simple : " My electronic alarm - clock wakes me up in the morning .
I go to school by underground .
When I come home , I cook my meal in the microwave .
In my spare time , I watch television , play with my computer , or chat in the internet ... " There is no sentence without electronic devices .
I wonder what I could do without them ... I do n't go out with my friends or read books .
I have friends in the internet and can learn anything while surfing in it .
I sometimes get bored or feel isolated , because I know I am living in a virtual world .
When I look at my life , I can understand I am dependent on the machines .
My daily life is programmed up to the virtual world I created .
Modern technology has changed my life completely .
Dear Ms. Jane Clark ,
I am writing to give my opinion about the International Arts Festival which was held 21st and 22nd November .
I went to the rock concert by U2 and the Chinese film " Chung King Express " .
Both of them were not only really enjoyable , but also reasonably - priced .
However , I feel that it would be even better if there were some improvement .
First of all , it would be greater if there were more famous people who have various nationalities .
Because most of them were from English speaking country this year .
In addition , larger halls should be provided for concerts since a lot of people could not get tickets for those by big stars .
Moreover , personally , I hope that the number of plays and films will increase .
I think they are the nearest ' arts ' in real life .
I would be glad if you consider my suggestions .
Yours sincerely ,
Money - hasn't it always been one of the most important problem for students ?
Of course , you ca n't afford a luxualy car and a large apartment unless you 've born with a silver spoon .
However , there are some good ways for you to earn enough money to enjoy yourself .
How about working as a waiter or waitress ?
Not only it 's a simple job , but also you can enjoy working with many colleague at your age .
It would be great fan to make friends outside your class or club .
If you say that the wage is far from satisfaction , why do n't you teach younger students as a private teacher .
It 's also really popular job among university students because of the good salaly .
If you are interested in teaching and responsible enough , you 'll probably become an excellent teacher .
Stop complaining about lack of money and let 's start working to have a new world .
You 'll find that your life is becoming more and more enjoyable !
Dir Madam
I 'm writing to you in reply to your letter .
I was really suprised when I opened it .
I look forword to going to the Camp California in the USA .
I would like to travel only in July because my family is going to visit me on August and I will have to look after them .
I prefer staying in tens to staying in log cabins .
Because it remainds me my childhood . I used to going with my friends to the camp , wich was situeded on a seaside .
We had always enjoying ourselves .
Never had I got such a great time .
From your 's list of activities I choose sailing and climbing .
I 'm keen on sailing , it is my favourite sport .
I find it very atractive .
I have been sailing since my father had bought a boat in 1980 , when I was only five years old .
However , I have never taken part in any competitions connected with this sport .
For me it is only a hobby .
Last year I took up climbing and I want to carry on learning this sport .
I would like to ask what kinds of clothes should I take with me . and I wonder if prizes are high there .
Yours faithfully
Angelina
I used to like shopping , but recently I came across many disadvantage of this activity .
Most people think that if they have got money they will buy everything what they want .
It is n't true .
Nowdays we have many big shopping centers .
We like them because everything is on one place .
The most suitable time for shopping is weekand when parents do n't work and children haven't got a school .
Because of that shopping centers are over crowded .
You ca n't buy something in peacful and calm athmospher .
In addition in such kind of shops prizes are very high , of course not all of them .
However such centers are very useful and necessary .
I my opinion the worst thing which may happened is extremly hugh queu to the changing room .
It is really exhausting .
Afterwards you are all in .
Nevertheless sometimes shopping could be enjoyable .
If you bought something goregous , you would be very happy .
On balance I think that shopping should be a nice thing so if you have bad mood do n't go shopping .
Dear Mr. Robertson
First of all , I want to thank you in the name of the class for your good organisation and programme , Especially for the fact that you are giving us some free time .
We really appreciate this .
However , we have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show .
The show is on Tuesday the 14th of March , from 10 oo to 19 oo o'clock in the Central Exhibition Hall .
There will be shown the latest fashions about leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles .
This is a great opportunity for us , because we haven't been ever before in this kind of show .
As well as this , the entrance for students is free .
As you can see this is the best time to go there .
We have some suggestions about how to change the programme .
Instead of visiting the Science Museum on Tuesday we could go there on Wednesday afternoon and instead of going shopping on Tuesday afternoon we could maybe stop at some places during the sightseeing tour and buy there something .
To sum up , this is a really great opportunity for us and I do n't think that the changes are so big .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerelly
The man is a being that need to live close to other human beings and to create a society around him .
As well as this he needs his own free space and privacy .
This is also important to him as friendship and family
In our society some people are treated like animals in the zoo by the press .
Just because they are famous and well known to a high number of other people .
The newspapers print everything about them .
The yellow press is searching for every little information they can get .
The photographers are chasing these people , just to take a picture of them on how they eat or with who the meat .
The photos will be on tomorrow 's press and so rumours are born .
On the other hand the people have choose to walk on this path .
Everything in life has a price .
The price for fame and money is the lost of privacy .
First of all you have to give up something for getting something else .
However , the press should n't create rumours and hunt those people like animals .
As well as this , the stars should n't complaint at any time about their fans and their lost of privacy .
They wanted to be famous and the had known the price before .
The fans and the press are those who have made them rich and famous .
Dear Sir or Madam !
I 'm writing to you because of the musical show " Over the rainbow " , wich I visited on Friday the 16th of June in your theatre .
There are several points I have to complain wich made the evening not nice at all .
At first the show started much later than it was written out .
Instead of half past seven the show startet at quarter past eight . I could n't go to have a refreshment because of two reasons , the first one is that there was no information how much time the start of the show is going to be late .
The second reason is that the restaurant of the theatre was closed because of building plans for the next two month .
After I waited for about 45 minutes the show suddenly started but I had to realize that the main actor Danny Brook , who was the reason why I went into the show had been traded by an other actor , who could n't sing as half as good then Brook .
On your ticket information is written out that discounts are available , when I ask at the ticket reception I could n't get any discount for beeng student .
To make an result the evening in your theatre and the show was very disappointing and not like promised .
For these reasons I want to ask you to get my money of £ 25 back .
reasently
Miss. Winkler
What is the prize ?
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
He did n't want to say what Sarah just had told him , it just came over his mouth , when he talked to James .
" Sarah has won in a quiz show ? " James was more than just interested , he wanted to know what she had won .
But Pat made a promise not to tell anybody about the quiz show and he already had told enough .
After one hour the hohle class had heard about Sarah 's secret .
Everybody was interested in what she had won but knowbody wanted to ask Sarah because it was told in a secret to them .
Sarah realized that everybody was nice and friendly to her but something was going on in the class , when she turned around a talking and wispering started .
Suddenly , she went to Pat and asked him did you tell anybody about our secret .
Pat told her everything .
Sarah looked at him for a while , than she stood in front of the class and explaind to the others , that she won a prize for 20 people to travel for 1 week to the sea of southern France and everybody of the 19 pupils was invited , except Pat who was n't very good at keeping secrets .
Manager of the Circle Theatre
17th June 2000
Dear Sir ,
I am waiting this letter re fearing to the show " over the Rainbow " you presented the 10 of this month .
I read your advertissement five days before , and I was realy impressed by it .
But , the quality of this show was n't what you let understand , an I feel realy disappointed by it .
I want to give you some details about my feelings .
First of all , you presented a starring composed with Danny Brook , but he was n't there !
Secondly , the show should start at 19.30 , and in fact it started 45 minutes late .
Then , I am a student , and when I bought my ticket , there was n't any discounts .
Finally , I hoped that I could have a diner in the restaurant after the show , but , to make my totally disappointed , it was closed , and I had to find another restaurant at 22.00 .
So you can imagine how I am satisfied by your pretending " Perfect Evening " .
For all these reasons , and if you want to keep me a costumer , I would be gratfull if you give me some or all my money back .
Looking forward to hearing from you ,
Yours sincerly ,
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
My marks was n't good enought to obtain my degree in Computer Science , and the exam session was finished .
There was no solutions to finally obtain the diploma .
You need more explanations about me to understand my motivations at the end of this story .
In fact , I did this kind of studies because of my interests in programming .
The problem is that I ca n't keep calm during an exam to succeed .
That 's why I decided to hack the teacher 's computers to change all my marks .
I never talked about this project to anyone , exept my best friend Pat .
At the end of the exam session , all students and teachers meet together for a big party , to celebrate it .
During this party , Pat drank too much .
And when he was totally drunk , he started speaking .
Then , the teachers made copies of their file , and my project was n't possible anymore .
So congratulation everybody .
And I think I will still be there next year .
Dear Mr Robertson ,
Many thanks for the programme you have organised .
It is really interesting and diversity at the same time .
There is just one thing I want to tell you ; Janine and Richey have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure show and we all would like to go to the show .
That is in the central Exhibition Hall , near the hotel , and it is only about fashion : latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles .
I think it could be very interesting and it is free for students ( what is really good ) .
It is a great opportunity because this show is only each two years and normaly it is difficult to go in .
And , as you know we all are interested in fashion .
In my opinion , I would suggest to go to the show instead of the National Art Gallery because we could go there another time .
Or , going to the show on wensday morning and on the afternoon , we can choose between free time or National Art Gallery .
I look farward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
I went out of the room , ran as much as I could and started thinking what this man was doing here and who he was .